review_text
"So omggggggg	 I love this it鈥檚 extremely sexy and flattering. It鈥檚 soft and so comfortable	 I bought it for valentines day and I must say I am not disappointed!!! I would definitely buy it again maybe every color	review_date"
"Cannot love this any more than I do. Very well made. Super soft material	 and incredibly flattering on. I am an A cup (5鈥?鈥?130 lbs) and usually have a hard time with lingerie	 but I got a medium and it fits perfectly. The lace is super soft and stretchy so it should fit many bust sizes. The g-string it comes with fits surprisingly well which I was not expecting. Overall a great buy and would recommend it wholeheartedly.	review_date"
"Such a beautiful number! I feel very comfortable in this. The straps are adjustable. The color is gorgeous and I love how I feel in it. I definitely recommend!	review_date"
"I love this lingerie set! I am 5'6	 145lbs	 and ordered a medium. It fit nicely.This item is very flattering and I believe that it would look good on just about anyone. If you have a bit of a belly and/or love handles	 it hides them nicely. It's flowy and the materials are nice. I felt very comfortable in this.Very pleased with my purchase!	review_date"
"No complaints! It鈥檚 one of my favorites now! I am 5.0 feet and 125 pounds 34D. It鈥檚 beautiful soft material and fits well on the body. The panty is also good and fits well on the body which is sometimes a problem but not the case with this piece! Very happy thank you!	review_date"
"First off I'm a 36DDD so i wasn't expecting miracles. That being said	 the XL  fits fairly well. Most of my chests fits in the lace part without being too noticeable. There is no support	 but it's not meant to stay on for long.	review_date"
"I love this! I wasn't sure how it would look on me	 but it's very sexy	 and my partner really likes it. There is elastic under the \cups	\"" so my breasts stay in the right place (the lacy triangles are not shaped cups - it's the same stretchy lace the whole garment is made out of). FYI"
"It fit as i hoped it would. The fabric feels amazing and not cheap like a lot of other similar products on here. Hugs my body in all the right places and is loose on the the not so right places.I鈥檓 5 foot 6 and 170 pounds .Would definitely recommend	review_date"
"This piece is very sexy. I'm 5'7 and 125 lbs 34b. I would the top doesn't have much support so I wouldn't recommend it if you have a larger cup size. The material is very soft and comfortable	review_date"
"I just received this a few minutes ago and am so glad I ordered it !! It鈥檚 beautiful and sexy and so wonderful feeling on !! The fit and feel perfect - ordered up a size and got XL . I鈥檓 6ft. And a 170 lbs. the XL is the right size in this. And the matching pantie is so nice and fits perfectly also - usually the pantie is worthless with these but not this one !!	review_date"
"I am 5'7 127 lbs and a MED fit great! This is absolutely beautiful and perfect! I do wish it covered my nipples better lol but after all it is a sexy outfit.. I guess I just expected the top to have a lot more design/coverage and not be all the way see through. Regardless it actually makes me feel very beautiful and not fat or anything I can be self conscious at times but I feel sexy in this. I bought the one in light blue my fav color. Now I am thinking of buying one in a different color but I actually would like to try out other outfits from Avidlove's shop! So great! :) xoxo (I will post a photo when I decide to actually wear it I only tried it on)	review_date"
"I was nervous to buy this especially being online. I'm about 200 lbs	 I have some weight in my stomach from having to kids. I am a 36DD and I ordered the large. The front has a slit down the middle but it still covers when you're standing. I really love the fit and the color is just as pictured (I got the minty looking color). The underwear even fit great which is usually an issue when you buy a top and bottom that are the same size. I'm definitely considering ordering another color because it's really cute.	review_date"
"Based on other reviews I decided to get this in the large. 36D about 185 pounds and it fits great. Not much support for the boobs but it looks great. I really love it.	review_date"
"This thing is amazingly soft.  I went down a size from what the chart indicated I would need (based on another review my size) and the fit is perfect. With this garment the crucial measurement for a great fit is the bust of course. I'm a 34DD (39\) bust and the size large is perfect. Just enough stretch in the fit for some support but so comfy. The chart indicates i should wear an XL. It would have been too large.  because of a great review with measurements from someone else with my measurements i knew to size down - so thanks for that!!!If you are a little larger	 say an inch or 2 - it would still be comfy in this size with the stretchiness	 but unless you're short like i am (5' 1/2\"") and can adjust the straps up a little	 it might not contain the girls. Depends on your build. We're all so varied. But reviews with measurements help	  yes?soft enough to actually sleep in. Yay.""	review_date"
"i love this piece!! i鈥檇 usuall order a medium but i sized down to a small and it fits swimmingly		 although the thong is quite big i can always substitute another in.	review_date"
"This product was made in China and is very inexpensive. It isn鈥檛 sewn on the bottom edges - someone just took shears and cut the shape they wanted.  It doesn鈥檛 cover things on top but fits perfectly and is flattering to the figure. I鈥檓 going to order at least 2 more in other colors. My husband loved it. I鈥檓 about 180 lbs. and full busted. XL fit just right.	review_date"
"I wear a 34D/36C bra and ordered a medium based on reading reviews.  It is a tiny bit snug through the bust	 but not enough to be uncomfortable or to bother returning it.  I'm actually quite surprised at the weight/quality of the material.  I was expecting something that I might put my finger through just putting it on the first time (I have done that on some Victoria Secret lace	 and this much cheaper price-wise than that...)  However	 it surprisingly sturdier than that.  The material is soft/silky to the touch and the lace is not scratchy at all.  My only complaint is that the bottom hem isn't even overlocked (i.e. it's a raw edge).  I don't know how well that will hold up over time.  But for the price	 it's pretty decent.  Oh... about the panties.  They don't look like they would be particularly comfortable.  The 'string' part is fairly thick	 as is the edge all around it.  I'm thinking you might want to replace with something else.  Oh	 and I bought the purple one and is the color as pictured.	review_date"
"I am 5'9 and 149lbs and I got a medium.Honestly	 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this lingerie.  The fabric is nice	 it fits how it should	 and really follows the curves of a womans body.  SUPER happy with this purchase. I will be buying more from avidlove!	review_date"
"The dress is very elegant and comfortable! I'm 5'7 and 170 lb with 36Bs. I ordered the large and it looks wonderful. The dress probably could have been a tad bit tighter	 mainly in the chest area	 but over all I am happy with my purchase. 馃槉鉂reat for anyone who carries a little bit of extra weight and/or has wide hips like myself.	review_date"
"Beautiful and very very sexy. I got the pink and ordered the red as well. I got the pink in xl. It looks great	 but a smaller size would fit better. I ordered the red in a medium (the material stretches). I鈥檓 getting another pink one as well馃槉. I鈥檓 170lbs and 5鈥?鈥? I can鈥檛 imagine this not flattering everybody type.	review_date"
"Love this set! Sexy	 sweet	 \u0026 very pretty! Accurately depicted as shown. I've fallen in love with Avidlove lingerie!! Their free returns make it convenient to purchase items and try them on to see if you like the fit and style on your particular body. ((Don't forget to please keep your underwear on while trying on	 for sanitary reasons.)) I'm 5'2\ \u0026 120 lbs. and the size Small fit me nicely.""	review_date"
"Love this babydoll lace lingerie. Soft and has some stretch to it. I bought an XL but should have gotten a L. It still fits nice though	 like the fact that it has adjustable bra straps	 true to the red colour. I am 157lbs	 height 5ft 1\ - a large would fit perfectly but overall good product and nice fit. Will purchase again and recommend.""	review_date"
"The red is a lovely fiery red that will awaken the sex kitten in all of us.  It fits beautifully as it hides problem areas well.  Very sexy.  If you don't feel the G-string	 you can sub with another.	review_date"
"Avidlove Lingerie is the only brand on amazon.com I can recommend.  I've made other purchases from other brands over the years and was very disappointed in the quality - sizing of the products.  Avidlove	 all the items I've purchased from them so far have fit as expected.  I'm a 34DD - size 0/1 in street clothes and I always get a size small or xs if available.  The items I've ordered have all had some stretch to them	 not stiff at all.	review_date"
"Flattering fit. Highly recommend it. However	 the panties that come with it are too small for a larger bone structure person. It leaves the hip bones and some more parts uncovered (I mean	 to the point that it goes beyond its purpose	 losing its \appealing\"" intention). Considering the nice price	 I simply discarded the panties and use the lingerie with another pair of panties.""	review_date"
"This is an awesome find.I had been shopping for lingerie for my gf	 but since I had done spent money like Obamma buying Christmas gifts I couldn't hardly swing the rediculous prices at Victoria's Secretions.Found this here and ordered it on a whim. She wore it last night and I was awe struck at how damn smokin hot she was in it. She is 5' tall 118 lbs and though petite has a classically curvy body. The size small fit her as if were made for her. The shoulder  straps adjust up so it does provide some lift with accented cleavage. The lace flower trim really highlights this effect. Very pretty.Length wise it came slightly down below her bottom	 and the sheer material and the way it lays over her hips and the included g string just made all kinds of promises... 馃槏馃槏馃槏I asked her how she felt in it as she has had kids and is very self conscious of her few flaws. She smiled and said she liked how she looked. Beautiful.Highly recommend	 and will buy more colors as this was as good as an IV drip of Viagra.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy. I'm 5'5\	 140 lb and the large fits nicely. There's not a ton of support in the bust but it keeps the girls up well enough.""	review_date"
"This fit very well	 much better than expected and better than others I have bought. I was worried being a bigger girl it wouldn't look nice	 but it turned out very flattering. Only issue is there is little support for bigger chested women. Wish there was \tighter\"" elastic for more support.""	review_date"
"Cute Top. Un pregnant I am usually 190lbs	 between L and XL	 and 38C...Pregnant in third tri and weigh 205 and am 40D-40DD. Ordered the XXL and it fits very well. Lacey area is stretchy as are the straps	 so there is some give	 so I might have gotten away with an XL	 but I didn't want it to be too tight.  Straps adjust. Sheer bottom is not super sheer	 but lace is. Lovely.	review_date"
"I am very happy with my my purchase!! I am normally a X-large in lingerie!! But sometimes I order X-large size online and it's too small for me!! But I ordered this set in a X-large and fit me perfectly!!!! It is very good quality and it is very good stitching!! It's a good deal because you don't pay much but you get an excellent lingerie set!! I would definitely recommend this Avidlove lace lingerie set!!!	review_date"
"Very sexy! I'm 5'5-150 lbs and purchased a size medium. Fits Great!	review_date"
"I loved this baby doll. Material is lightweight and unexpectedly soft. Yes	 it stretches... but if you have large breasts do not size down. I am a 36B/34C and Large was perfect for me. I also got the medium in black which just squeezes me up top	 not to mention everywhere else. Not so attractive! I ordered the mint green with white lace up top but got the plain mint green. Love it anyways! But would have appreciated getting what I ordered.	review_date"
"Kind of fit as expected.  I expected it to run smaller than an \American size\"".  I wear 12 in clothes	 have a big bum.  XL fit as expected except that the fabric between the straps (underarm) needs to be let out too as the sizes increase.  The result is that the \""V\"" in front is really spread out.  I am small chested and kept popping out as I lay in bed.  That said	 it serves it's purpose just fine... NOT intended for modesty.  It is VERY cute on and soft... I love it and ordered it in black as well.""	review_date"
"Is cute and sexy it brings a thong red so sexy and tight im 180 i orderd a large it fit perfectly!!	review_date"
"To start off	 everyone said this product fit big. I ordered my original size	 just to see. Its okay	 but is a little short	 as I am 5'8. The chest part of the outfit is just bad. I'm a 36C and the girls were everywhere. I adjusted the straps	 but didn't help much. The material is pretty thin too. Overall	 it is a cute outfit. I would recommend it to someone who has a smaller chest though.	review_date"
"I personally loved this. I have a very small chest and felt this piece made me feel sexy even though it鈥檚 small.	review_date"
"Normally baby dolls aren鈥檛 really my style but per my boyfriend鈥檚 request I figured why not	 I鈥檒l try it out	 I鈥檝e never owned one of these before. I got the dark blue one	 it鈥檚 pretty much exactly as pictured (other than the boob support	 which	 I mean	 come on	 that鈥檚 not realistic anyway) and it鈥檚 SO soft :) I love how it feels and it鈥檚 got a nice sort of flow to it. There鈥檚 no support as I mentioned (didn鈥檛 expect there to be	 but still. I鈥檓 a B cup so not that big of a deal). I am curvy and short (5鈥?	 dress size 8) got it in a medium which is my normal T-shirt size and it fit perfect. Really my only issue is how delicate it is 鈥?it came ripped a tiny bit where the loose flowy fabric connects to the bra part in the middle which is disappointing but nothing I can鈥檛 stitch together really quick and it won鈥檛 prevent me from wearing it even with the little rip	 so it鈥檚 definitely not worth returning over. I think all and all it was really good for the price :) I don鈥檛 know why	 but I kinda feel like a fairy princess in it haha	 which is not exactly my first choice for lingerie but I do think it鈥檚 pretty and for days I feel like being a bit more covered (and also lazy and comfy lol) this will do the trick. Happy with my purchase (boyfriend is definitely happy haha)	review_date"
"Color and design exactly like pics. The fit is as expected but for ladies with bigger boobs there isn鈥檛 any support so beware. I鈥檓 32B but wish under the breast area had a little more support.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very sexy and fits perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 108 lbs and a small fits perfect.  I love everything about this lingerie so much I鈥檓 going to order a red one next. All the colors are very pretty.	review_date"
"It was exactly as shown on the website. Beautiful shade of purple	 ultra feminine and flowy. This item was true to size and very pretty. I was very satisfied with this purchase (so was my husband! "
"Love love love this! The fit and feel of the top are perfect. Flattering for a \pear-shape\"" person with wider hips. My only complaint is the bottoms run small. I would buy it again	 though.""	review_date"
"It fit amazingly well in all the right places. I'm on the chubby side and top heavy (in my opinion 38D is pretty big)	  I ordered a large instead of XL 	in hopes I could get could get a better fit around the bust and the large was perfect and had very good coverage for me. My SO definitely got the wow factor he was craving and loved how sexy it made me look and states it's his new favorite bedtime outfit.  I've bought Avidlove products before and they have never disappointed.	review_date"
"I was very pleased that this babydoll fit so well. I have the hardest time finding outfits that fit on top and through the hips. This worked well and looked nice on too. If you have a large chest	 it may not fit as well for you. It has a flowy bottom on it and is very comfortable. I didn't wear the thong that came with it since it looked extremely uncomfortable. I just bought another pair that matched. I'm glad I made the purchase.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful! My husband loves this! The color is very vibrant	 the lace is very soft	 and OH MY GOSH the thong ACTUALLY fits and looks good! Five stars from a happy customer!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 150 lbs	 curvy	 鈥渟lim thick鈥?body type. I鈥檓 insecure about my stomach and butt/thighs because of stretch marks and some cellulite. This was flattering in every way. It hugs you at the waist to accentuate the 鈥榮mall鈥?of your body	 then loosely flows over the rest. Covers my stomach but floats when you walk to peep open just enough	 and hangs just low enough to cover your bottom.	review_date"
"I really love this. It is SUPER soft and comfortable. I ordered an XL as that is my normal top size and it fits as expected. I am also fine with a little room. I love that although it is sheer	 it gathers around the midsection. May have to buy another.	review_date"
"I know you鈥檝e been there	 you鈥檝e ordered something on Amazon and when it arrived it was a huge let down for whatever reason. Well this is a quality piece of lingerie. I bought it for my girlfriend and we both said 鈥渨ow鈥? This product actually got a 鈥渨ow鈥?from the both of us!!! Unfortunately	 I called jinx when she said it and she hasn鈥檛 been able to talk for weeks... But honestly	 the fit is great	 she says it鈥檚 soft super comfortable to sleep in. If you want to be 鈥渨owed鈥?get this.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! I usually have to size up when I buy lingerie online	 but a small fit great (I'm 5'5\	 34b	 137lb). It's very sexy and pretty	 not at all itchy - although the underwear is just your basic mesh thong	 I wanted something nicer so I ordered separate panties.""	review_date"
"Feels nice	 looks nice.  The bottom and flows beautifully to disguise my large hips.  The top lace draws the eye up	 adding interest to my small bust.	review_date"
"Cute	 runs a bit small	review_date"
"Received my nightie and it was not the same color as what I ordered. There was no white lace on top. The fit is flattering but it鈥檚 dissapointing that it鈥檚 a solid green and not the same as the image.	review_date"
"I guess I should have known better	 but had so many good reviews figured I'd give it a try. Very cheaply made! The fit is terrible	 if you're going to give it a try def size down.	review_date"
"I really like this one	 but I have two complaints. It connects by a clip in the front that is kind of hard to undo	 when I tired it the clip snagged and pulled out a string. Also some of the stitching is either really itchy or visible on the outside. It鈥檚 otherwise made with a really soft material and looks like the picture (except the chest support is never as perky as it the model leads you to believe).	review_date"
"Beautiful	 fits as expected and color as it looked online. I'm 5'5\ and 125lb	 got a small. Only thing is	 it isn't hemmed. Though I suppose things like this usually don't stay on too long.""	review_date"
"I am 195 pounds and 5鈥? . The xxL was perfect. Super flattering ! Lingerie is hard when you have a little extra meat on your bones. The top isn鈥檛 the best support 	 but still is sexy on my 36DD bustIn addition I am six months preggo \u0026 it is still super flattering !	review_date"
"I love how this looks on me and I know my husband will too. I鈥檝e consistently been ordering the small size with them and have ordered 3 different pieces and they鈥檝e all fit to my liking. I am a large busted girl at 32DD	 and I know that鈥檚 hard for some of you big busted girls to believe I fit a small but I am petite all around. The opening at the top is very wide so no matter what size you get	 you may have some issues keeping the girls in their seats. My trick was I just leaned forward and adjusted the triangles where I wanted them and then the straps and it鈥檚 perfect!	review_date"
"There are some mixed reviews on this and I'm sure it depends on your body but I was fairly impressed when I put this on. First thing	 I wish I hadn't read others' size suggestions. I bought a Large expecting it to be very tight and I wish I'd gotten a medium. I'm 6' tall	 around 190lbs	 and a 36C and it's only a bit loose. I can tighten the straps to fit a little better but I think a Medium could have worked better	 though my ideal size may be between the two. It's a pretty stretchy material! I got the black and really liked how it looked on me	 I'd recommend to others who may be hesitant	 especially for the great price!	review_date"
"Love it. Sometimes the bust does pop out because of how loose fitted it is	 but I don't really think that will be an issue for future buyers.	review_date"
"This is very well made	 nice material	 doesn't feel cheap. Fits true to size	 I'm 5'8\ 155lbs and ordered a medium. Color is vibrant and very pretty	 I love it. Will probably order more in other colors.""	review_date"
"Omg I bought almost every color from this designer. I can't believe how cute and sexy it is. The cost does it no justice	 if i saw it in a store I would've paid triple. I will never buy lingerie from anyone else... washes well in cold water and I hang it up to dry. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"The piece itself was too large around my waist and way to small for my breasts. The cup size will NOT fit larger sized breasts. I wear a 38g and the xxl did nothing for me. Very unflattering. Maybe the other styles have more coverage	 but I鈥檓 not risking another buy.	review_date"
"Was very cute	 however I was sent the wrong size and had to send it back. Was very disappointed cause I was surprised the quality seemed much better than I expected	review_date"
"Cute but a little small. I'm usually a medium but my breasts would not stay in the top.	review_date"
"Got this earlier than expected. I'm 5 ft 3 and about 160 lbs. I got a large and it fits perfectly everywhere. The thong even fits well. I was a bit nervous	 because I have alot junk in the trunk and sometimes thongs just don't fit me correctly	 but this one is perfect. Color is exactly as pictured. I got the royal blue one.	review_date"
". This was easy to dance around in and relax in. Me and my husband both loves it. Boobs stretchy enough. I have little boobs and it fit great	 would look good with big boobs too.	review_date"
"Runs a bit small	 went a size up from what I normally do for my wife and it was still a bit small.  Not high quality	 but I expected that.  Looks good	 also returned one that was too small and the return was free!!!	review_date"
"I loved wearing this. Super comfy and it covered my mid section	 eliminating my biggest insecurities! Fianc茅 also loved it "
"What a beautiful gorgeous color I got the blue. If it's amazing it's very stretchy and it's super sexy!	review_date"
"Love this! It鈥檚 so soft and smooth. Looks great. It fits well around my body. I would have given 5 stars	 but the bust isn鈥檛 quite fitting. I鈥檓 a 36D and got a large	 but 鈥渢he girls鈥?seems to have trouble staying in the ensemble. Nevertheless	 it鈥檚 not meant to stay on	 so it鈥檚 not a huge deal. I will definitely buy more in different colors!! I highly recommend.	review_date"
"If you're self-conscious about your mid section this help hides the tummy but it's pretty good quality	 very pretty red	 flows with movement and is pretty comfortable. I really like this piece and the price is great!	review_date"
"Nice to finally be able to buy reasonably priced lingerie without having to shop for days and try on multiple items and styles.  At 5'5\ - 140lbs	 the slit in front was not an issue for me.  It gathers and drapes beautifully.  Also	  shipped super fast!""	review_date"
"This is absolutely gorgeous. It fits me beautifully and I feel confident wearing it	 which I feel you can't do if something has an odd design or shape to it - this has no weird curves or weird folds	 and looks quite dainty.	review_date"
"I am 5 ft 3	 155 lbs and got a medium. It's a perfect fit	 though the girls fall out very easily and I am not busty at all . I wear a B cup.  And it offers no support for them . I bought the green one and want all of the colors lol Still looks very sexy and my hubby loves it ! I will be ordering a size up next time though.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 just as gorgeous as the picture	 if not better in person! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 130Ibs so the medium fit perfectly. I definitely would love to own all the colors offered in this style	 I know my boyfriend will love it too.	review_date"
"It's nice it has adjustable straps I'm 5\4 190lbs and the XL fit perfect with a nice flow to hide belly fat""	review_date"
"Its perfect. In this fashion I always get the biggest size because of my busy 38 DD. Not to tight on the bust and not to big because of the stretch. The under bust seam sits right under but the side I can hit that right on my waist. The length is as expected and flows nicely. I'm really excited fot this piece on my honeymoon 馃槈. If he loves it as much as I think I'm buying another one because the fairy pleats are to cute.	review_date"
"Perfect especailly for women with F Cups 馃崍馃崍	review_date"
"This fit really good comfortable I liked it felt beautiful sexy in it fact I ordered a couple of more in different colors	review_date"
"this actually turned out a lot better than i was expecting. the quality is so nice and soft like the lace itself really surprised me because it feels so nice to touch. i got the smallest size bc im a very small girl and it fit perfectly besides the curve of my back. the only thing i would want you to know that i didnt is (though i dont mind) that there is nipple peaking hardcore. theres no hiding your nipples through the lace.	review_date"
"Loved it	 super cute but strap broke within two hours of wearing it	review_date"
"I love this. The straps are adjustable and the lace bra area is perfect! It doesnt show too much or too little. I love the cut of the skirt and how it flows.. very sexy! Color was just like the picture	review_date"
"Just a little smaller than expected.  I wish I would have ordered the next size up.  My item had a small hole in the side from the factory.  Not a tear	 but a place where the stitching was not complete.	review_date"
"Very Sexy! The purple is gorgeous! Im 5'5 curvy 170lbs. The fit is great	 I have a tummy from having a baby and the LARGE fits great!!	review_date"
"Fabric is soooo soft and the lace is cotton so it didn't give me a rash which was a plus since I'm allergic to most lace products. And my boyfriend enjoys it too haha	review_date"
"Way to small in the busy area	review_date"
"Absolutely love this product! I will buy more in different colors!!!	review_date"
"I am 5ft tall 130lbs and have a very hard time finding lingerie that looks good on someone with a short torso and petite figure. Reading the reviews I bought a large since this lingerie runs a little small and it fits perfectly and is extremely flattering. For the price it is also amazing quality. I am very happy I took a chance with this purchase. I would highly recommend.	review_date"
"I am a 6-8 in pants and a B cup	 it fits beautifully. I did choose the purple and it is really a toss up between cobolt blue and purple but it is a lot of fun to wear.	review_date"
"Amazing! Honestly now the cutest piece of lingerie I own! Very soft and it fits well even though I鈥檓 180lbs (5鈥?) it hugs all the right curves! Not small around the breasts like most pieces. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"I purchased this for my honeymoon. Its sexy with taste. I didnt want \sleezy\"". This fit the bill.  I havent washed it yet	 thus the 4 stars.  If it washes well	 I will up it 5 stars.  The fit is right on and as I said	 very tasteful.""	review_date"
"I love everything about this babydoll from the color to the fit. Very feminine and sexy at the same time. I am a small 113 lbs. and small fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Purchased these for my wife. Double thumbs up to the merchant for speedy delivery	 got them before Valentine's day. The material feels and looks great	 fits beautifully. She likes it so much	 it has become her daily walk around the house garment.	review_date"
"Sooo cute. Fit perfectly. I bought this for my bff	 she's 6 ft tall	c cup. It was gorgeous on her! the only thing is that it doesn't look like the picture. It does it have white lace	 it's all light blue. Still worth the buy!	review_date"
"I'm 5\8	 weigh around 150 and have size 34DD bust. I ordered the medium size in black and it fits me perfectly! It's super soft and looks amazing. I don't have a single bad thing to say about this product	 100% satisfied. I've attached photos.""	review_date"
"Wowza! Perfect fit and is sexy as can be. Great for the price!	review_date"
"Super soft material	 comfortable. It does not have underwire or support in the breast area if you鈥檙e used to lingerie that does. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 113-118lbs	 I wear a 32dd or 34c in bra size. I personally love it	 my husband loves it and I feel super confident in it. I would buy it again. Hope this helps!	review_date"
"Love it! Ordered an extra large because I read that they run small. I am 5x3 and weigh 135 lbs. it fit perfectly and looks super sexy	review_date"
"Although I should have gone with my original instinct to order a SIZE SMALL and NOT gone by the SIZE CHART or the reviews of other people close to my height	 bra size and weight. MEDIUM was definitely TOO BIG on me - 5'6\ / 32D-24 -34	 but it looked OK anyway so I see how this cut can fit for so many body types so well.""	review_date"
"Not very well made Returned	review_date"
"So soft and cute	 super stretchy as well so it鈥檒l definitely fit lots of sizes	 perfect amount of coverage and just a really great set	review_date"
"Hides all the \problem areas\"" while still extremely sexy. I feel great in it! I would definitely recommend and for the price it's fantastic. I'm 5'8 and typically wear a 10-12 and a 36C and the large fit well.""	review_date"
"I was hesitant to order this but when I received it in the mail two days after ordering it and seeing how pretty and soft it was I was glad I ordered this! I purchased the dark red one and I love it. This is great for ladies who have small or big bust as you can change the strap to your liking. The underwear that came with it was perfect it fit amazing better than any of the ones I had.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and about 123 lbs and ordered a medium size. The fit is perfect and gives a sexy feel. I鈥檓 definitely buying again in a different color soon.	review_date"
"It's cute	 slightly on the small side but covers your curves so still looks good.	review_date"
"Love it! I'm 5'7\ 165 lbs and got a large	 it fits great! Comfortable	 flattering	 and my boyfriend likes it. The thong fits	 but it's not super comfortable. Still gave 5 stars because it doesn't stay on long anyway "
"This is absolutely gorgeous! The blue is vibrant and the fit is amazing. Beautiful cut and very flattering for plus size! I love it!	review_date"
"Looks great. Only problem I had was with thong. It moves around so you can adjust it and it took me a few tries to get it all set	review_date"
"Beautiful	 loved the feeling of the material	 the color and how sexy it makes me feel.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 fits perfectly. Is so flattering on a curvier figure. Not a lot of support but that is to be expected with this style of lingerie. One of my new favorite pieces!	review_date"
"I have very large breasts and wear a size 12 - I always have trouble finding something that fits up top.  This was perfect!  My boyfriend LOVED it.  I have it in two colors and will keep my eye out for all others.	review_date"
"Did for me and my wife what I wanted it to do.  She looks great and things progressed pleasantly.	review_date"
"i got a small. im 5鈥? and weigh 125 lbs. the top fit perfectly. comfortable and very pretty like a fairy. however	 the underwear that it came with is obnoxiously large...	review_date"
"I love this item	 its really sexy but classy at the same time	 my man loves it	 I'm 5/4 and weigh 150 I got a medium size and it fits perfectly. I'm getting another one in black.	review_date"
"I am normally a size small	 but I ordered an XL based on the reviews. The XL definitely fits	 but an L may have fit slightly better. Either way	 the fabric is very soft and comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"Very nice lingerie.  The material is very soft and it is well designed for the perfect fit.	review_date"
"this item was so big! especially the thong. the sizing it not true to size and I was shocked. I should have gone a size smaller.	review_date"
"My wife loved the color and I loved the cut :) she said the material was comfortable and the top was soft. It looked even better on the floor	review_date"
"This little number makes you feel so sexy and  alluring. Gave that special man a little tease by candle light.Great  quality and it is so soft and  featherier.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife.  We both love it.  I bought the green one	 which appears to have white lace trim in the picture.  It does not	 but oh well.  She looks great wearing it	 and it's really soft.	review_date"
"This is the cutest thing i鈥檝e bought in a while!! it fits perfectly like a glove and ifs super cute	 didn鈥檛 know it came with a thong too! so bonus	review_date"
"Great for the price and excellent quality of fabric. My bf is in love with this. Thong that comes with the set is better quality and durable compared to others I have bought with this seller.	review_date"
"My hubby picked this out for me and it makes me look amazing! He can鈥檛 turn me down when I put it on! Came in a timely manner.	review_date"
"Don't recommend for larger busted women or women with mom boobs (me). I don't think it's very flattering on me but that's not the manufacturers fault.	review_date"
"I'm 5\9 190 lbs and I ordered an X large. The fit was perfect! It's beautiful and the quality fells nice. It comes with a G string too. The adjustable straps were nice for better support.""	review_date"
"definitely needs like a built in cup because it has zero support. other than that it actually very well made and cute.	review_date"
"This is a perfect sexy Babydoll! It flows really well	 I ordered 1 size up	 I have DDD's so it fits perfect.  The color is outstanding and looks great against my skin.  Very flattering Babydoll.  I am planning on purchasing more of this in different colors.	review_date"
"Got this for a bride to be and I am thinking of ordering one or myself! Its so soft and pretty!	review_date"
"Kind of weird fitting on the boobies	 but it鈥檚 comfy and fits nicely overall. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?about 120 lbs and it covers my butt.Really nice purple too.Just smells a little when you first open it.	review_date"
"I wear a 38/40B...The large fit perfectly.  My chest popped out a little	 but according to the husband	 that's not a bad feature. The adjusters on the straps are a little uncomfortable	 but I just moved them to the top and it was fine.	review_date"
"This is really pretty. Nicely made. Pretty sure the boyfriend will love it when he gets home.	review_date"
"I am completely in love with my purchase and will be buying more from this company. The color was perfect.	review_date"
"I returned this because my boobs were squished in it. I knew that if I went up a size	 the bottom half would have been three times too big.	review_date"
"Suppose it could have worked for cosplay	 but wasnt for me. Fit awkwardly. `Returned.	review_date"
"I love it. It is absolutely gorgeous and my fiance loves it. I am a plus size girl and I with almost 300lbs . I fit beautifully. Was perfect. I highly recommend this product. I will definitely be buying it again in different colors. the bottom half of my body is thicker than the top half so it's very hard for me to find lingerie that fits me right but this nightgown fit beautifully.	review_date"
"It was a little weird smelling but washed it and no smell.	review_date"
"Very flattering on! Runs a little big so I did order a size down. Only reason I gave it 4 stars is cause the panties are really small. But for the price I'm ok with that.	review_date"
"Fits nearly perfect! I ordered a small and am 100lbs	 32B chest. Boyfriend loved it so much and I would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Super cute ! Way more see through than it looks in the picture but its meant be sexy and it def is sexy. Fit perfect. Will buy again	review_date"
"My wife loves the color and fit. She looks amazing in it	 it's one of my favorite on her.	review_date"

"I am a 40DD and reading the other reviews I ordered an xl and it fit perfect!! My boyfriend is going to go crazy when he sees me in this.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a curvy girl 36 G on the top and it fits me amazingly well	review_date"
"I purchased this for myself and I love it.  I'm a size 12 and I got an XL and my husband loves it as well. The material is very soft on my skin. It is comfortable to wear. The thongs fit perfect as well.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?0鈥?and about 128 lbs	 ordered a small since I usually wear a size 6	 and it fits great! The material is soft and flouncy. Very flirty and cute!	review_date"
"Great for a quick take off but I felt like tinker bell and not really for large breasted woman.	review_date"
"Gorgeous	 vibrant color and rich	 soft fabric. Fits beautifully and is oh so feminine.	review_date"
"The purple is a gorgeous color. I recommend getting your true size by using their measurement chart not standard sizing knowledge.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 keep the girls in too well but it鈥檚 soooo soft and cute it鈥檚 worth the buy as long as you鈥檙e not a Dcup. So comfy and cute and love the matching panties	review_date"
"I loved it in the picture	 I thought the top half was going to be more padded but it was sheer and see through. Still adorable. Thong that came with it wasn鈥檛 made as well as the top.	review_date"
"I actually was surprised by this item. I've never bought lingerie and I usually wear XS in all clothes. I'm about 5'3\ and 95 lbs so I was extremely shocked that this fit me perfectly in size small. I was a little nervous because small is the smallest they go but I loved it! Color is pretty too!""	review_date"
"Very good quality! Very soft looks just like the picture! Only complaint is I ordered a medium and should have ordered a small! 32ddd bust usually wear small or medium shirts size 8 Jean's	review_date"
"Loved this!! I was skeptical about how well it would fit but it's great. Stretchy where it needs to be and the support is better than I was hoping for! The color is gorgeous and the fit is fantastic for anyone who is curvy and wants to flaunt it. Would absolutely recommend this.	review_date"
"I loooove this lingerie. It fits me perfectly. I got the light pink dress and it's so cute! I am 5'7 and 113 pounds for context. I have never owned a thong	 but the ones that comes with this is actually great. It boosted my confidence. I liked it! Definitely recommend buying from this brand!!	review_date"
"I am a 36C/34D	 petite and curvy. I bought an xl and it fits great! Color and fabric are quality ( i chose the dark blue	 it brings out a tan nicely). Its super soft but a little bit short in the back if you have a bubble butt . overall	 very happy! I will order from this company again for sure!	review_date"
"I ordered the small size and it was a perfect fit.  I do wish it was a little longer in the front	 it comes right to my crotch	 the back is just right. Love the blue color and that it opens I the front.  I feel it is very flattering.  It is a very soft material and feels very good on.	review_date"
"While this is an excellent piece to own	 it is very sheer	 the material is EXTREMELY thin and it should be handwashed (especially after receiving	 it did not smell great in the packaging). The top part is also very sheer and does not hide the breast area fully. The extra thong was nice.	review_date"
"I must say I was skeptical about getting the wrong size. I bought a medium and man when I tell you he was WOWED!! I love this little fit! Definitely a piece to make him say WOW!	review_date"
"Have as bridal shower gift. She loved it....fit	 feel and color.	review_date"
"Fits as expected I really like this! My fianc茅 loves it on me!!	review_date"
"Sexy and gorgeous.  Great quality seductive wear.  Would definitely recommend it to others.	review_date"
"I never leave reviews but OMG! I am in LOVE with this. The fit is absolutely perfect (I'm 5'5	 155lbs	 size 36c bust) and I ordered a medium. I have 0 complaints. Its as pictured and more! It's not cheap material either	 very soft!!	review_date"
"Very satisfied	 excellent fit. Only issue is there should have been some kind of heming on the bottom of the lingerie	 so the fabric has a better chance of not tareing in the wash. Other than that fantastic and will purchase me from this seller馃榾	review_date"
"Love love love!!! My hubby jaw dropped when he saw me in this!!!! Im 5鈥? 117 lbs 34C got a small fit perfect.	review_date"
"Well made	 the material is soft and flowy	 and the fit is very flattering	 looks great on. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 140lbs and a C cup	 I ordered a large and it fit perfect.  I love this one so much	 I鈥檒l probably purchase a few more in different colors.	review_date"
"I ordered a small for reference I鈥檓 5鈥? 145lbs chest size 32DD and it fit perfect so beautiful you can tell when looking closely it is not the most expensive thing	 rough edges but it looks so pretty and will work	review_date"
"Cheaply made ripped to easily for me had much better lingere	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Arrived broken. Easy return process.	review_date"
"Was delivered safely and on time.  Made a nice gift.  Recommend to buy.	review_date"
"I'm 180 lbs with a 38\ waist and I bought a large. It fits nice and is very confy and sexy.""	review_date"
"So pretty! Didn鈥檛 have high expectations but it鈥檚 super cute. Just like the picture!	review_date"
"Nice	 really sexy.	review_date"
"Very cute	 not too short. Washes well. Beautiful purple color. No support for the girls though.	review_date"
"SUPER sexy and light weight. I would honestly wear this around the house just to feel pretty	 THATS how comfortable it is. Will buy again in several different colors. Price is worth it	review_date"
"Returned ... doesn't like it ... not really sexy	review_date"
"I'm 5ft	 135lbs and a 34D and it's small in the chest so I end up with a lot of cleavage in this but it works fine.  I just didn't want a large for it to be too big everywhere else.	review_date"
"Fits great and arrived on time. I wouldn鈥檛 change a thing about it.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Boyfriend couldn鈥檛 keep his hands off me and fit just as expected.	review_date"
"Great outfit. Perfect fit. I ordered a medium  I鈥檓 148 lbs. I love it. This would be a great gift.	review_date"
"Soft	 flattering	 just like the photo. Will buy in another color.	review_date"
"Very pretty but the lace is mint green not white . I still like it and will keep it	review_date"
"Fits my petite wife better than any other night she has worn	 according to her. Although I did order in Purple and the color came in Green	 that being the only reason for not giving 5 stars. That being said I still highly recommend this product.	review_date"
"I LOVE it..I LOVE it...I LOVE it!!! The lingerie is exactly like the picture. Very sexy on. My husband couldn't take his eyes off of me.	review_date"
"This product fit as expected and was decent material for the price. My husband loved it and I would consider buying it again in other colors!	review_date"
"Some stretch for larger breasts but definitely size up	review_date"
"Bought for a friend to give as a gift	 reviewing to get it out of my feed.	review_date"
"Love that it was soft	 fitted (in a nice flowy way) and the color was very vibrant.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece. Its soft and sized just right. I got an xl but I couldve sized down to a Large. My husband loved it and so did I. I'm a B cup so there isn't too much support but it's comfortable enough.I'm 5'2 and 180lbs and XL was perfect.	review_date"
"This fits fine but I was a little disappointed on the way it shapes around my body. I'm 5'6\ and 136 lbs. 36C and it just didn't fit right for me.I think it was the way it was designed.""	review_date"
"This is flattering and very pretty. Seems well made	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured.	review_date"
"Very comfy	 practical and beautiful. DIdn't need to be ironed which was a relief.	review_date"
"A little frilly but good. Not entirely comfortable to sleep in but good for show.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 and wear a B cup. It鈥檚 nice and flowy around my problem areas and super flattering!	review_date"
"The fit was to small and had to be returned	review_date"
"As seen in the image	 the chemise was shipped without any front clip so I cannot wear it as shown. I can sew it myself	 but then I loose the whole front open feature that I chose this chemise for.  Otherwise	 it is beautiful and I would love to wear it. I haven't decided if I will attempt to return it or sew it myself yet.	review_date"
"LOVE IT. Super soft and sexy! 5'6 150lb size medium! I bought the pink	 the color is exactly as it looks here.	review_date"
"Fits good looks exactly as shown in pic	review_date"
"The product itself is soft and flowy. It doesn't allow for a lot of support but I expected that. I think I could have gone with a small	 the medium is just a little big on me but it still looks good. I'm 5'2\ about 125 lbs with a 34D bra size.""	review_date"
"I loved my lingerie my husband more	review_date"
"The black on had a poor seem on it so it came undone after one wear 馃様	review_date"
"Fits great. Has some stretch so it fits well around the waist and is comfortable. Looks adorable.	review_date"
"fits great i look good in it i need more colors.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 and rather large and this looks very slimming on there is no support for the breats but I knew that buying this so it wasn't an issue. It came in a small package and there was two small stains on the back but I wasn't worried about it it looks great on.	review_date"
"Super cute	 fits perfectly	 true to size	review_date"
"I am a size Medium	 so I ordered a Medium. 5'2' 136lbs. Fit great. I would purchase again.	review_date"
"Great product	 received quickly.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	  but doesn't fit as advertised.  Sadly I didn't get to try it on until way later then planned.  Maybe after I lose some weight.	review_date"
"Ordered a large	 fits awesome and will continue to fit awesome as my pregnant belly grows 馃ぃ. I love how it makes my boobs look	review_date"
"Hey.  For 15$ this surpassed my expectations.  Love it.  Great quality.	review_date"
"Fit my wife just the way it said it would and looked very nice	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 think the product was as great as the reviews said it would be. It was very pretty	 but I felt like it was very cheaply made. It also is not 鈥渟upportive鈥?at all...which isn鈥檛 a horrible thing but I didn鈥檛 feel very comfortable in it.	review_date"
"I loved everything about it. Just buy it!	review_date"
"They fit her very nice and look very cute I have bought several and will buy more.	review_date"
"A little shorter than I expected. Wanted a little more support up top	 but quality material and looks like the photo. Not disappointed. Cute.	review_date"
"Very Petty color	 worse even though it was a little small	review_date"
"This isn't made for women with big boobs. I wear a size 38F and it couldn't hold them in at all. I ordered a 2x hoping that my boobs would stay in but that didn't happen. Also there was a hole on mine when I received it. Feels like a waste of money.	review_date"
"Great soft and sexy. Material is meshy but in a good way	review_date"
"Product is a little big and doesnt look like picture on top half	review_date"
"I am 5ft 7in and eight 180lbs with a size C cup 36.. this really pretty cyan color in USA L fit me like a glove and its flowy. If your cup size is larger I'd get a size up because it is kind of snug around under the breast	 but looks beautiful like the picture and stretchy straps. Its AMAZING!	review_date"
"I loved it! At first I was skeptical about the quality. I kept reading the reviews	 but couldn't believeit would be good quality. Once I got it	 I was amazed at how beautiful and how great the fabric is! It's super soft	 has a bit of a stretch to it	 i love it and totally recommend. 鈾?	review_date:July 5	 2018""	star"
"Prettier on model than me	review_date"
"Fits well	 good quality	review_date"
"Gorgeous. Fits a little small though	review_date"
"Yo make me look sexy for my man	review_date"
"Love the color and softness	review_date"
"This was better than expected!! fit really well	 and supports my chest area pretty good. Extremely comfy while still making you feel sexy!	review_date"
"Very cute	 sexy	 and comfy to wear. Fits perfectly	 order the size you are!	review_date"
"Well made \u0026 good quality. Happy with item.	review_date"
"I love this and so does my bf	review_date"
"It looks super cute	 but I ordered the white and aqua one and it came all aqua. Not returning it cause I like it nonetheless. Worth the price.	review_date"
"My favorite .. blue was so pretty	review_date"
"Very sexy.  See through. Wife looked incredible	review_date"
"Looks amazing. Was purchased as a gift and I love when she wears it.	review_date"
"Do go up an extra size	 I did and it was perfect.	review_date"
"Very beautiful.	review_date"
"I love this piece! It is very comfortable yet sexy. It is also very flattering I am pretty chunky (5鈥? about 200lbs) but this looked amazing definitely would recommend for my fellow thick girls if your looking for something that will flatter! The only reason I deducted a star was because mine did come with a small tear/miss stitched seam which was a little disappointing.	review_date"
"Way too small. No way this was the size I ordered.	review_date"
"Fits great! Beautiful and good quality!	review_date"
"Fast delivery of this beautiful lace lingerie	 my wife is pleased.	review_date"
"Pretty love it a lot will order another	review_date"
"Cheap quality	review_date"
"I loved this Babydoll. The fabric is very soft and comfortable. Very light and flowy. Comfortable enough to sleep in and wear around the house. The straps are adjustable and offer just a little support. I'm size 12	 38C 200 lbs. I ordered the large. The fit was good. At first look	 the panties seemed really small. I tried them on and they did fit comfortably. They have a soft stretch to them. I ordered the pink and it was very pretty. Color is very similar to the picture. Would definitely order another color.	review_date"
"Wow so comfy ! And not cheaply made	review_date"
"I love this lingerie. My girlfriend loves it and thinks it is so sexy. It fixes well but I have small boobs and they pop out of it a lot. It just barely covers them.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\and 150 pounds with 38D. I got medium which fit well everywhere but the chest. Very pretty otherwise	 I just wish the top was larger.""	review_date"
"Doesn't fit	review_date"
"This is extremely cute. It tears easily though.	review_date"
"I received this just days before my home burned in the Camp Fire in California :( I tried it on and absolutely loved them	 but never got to wear. Is there anyway to get a replacement? I've lost everything I own. I cannot figure out how to contact anyone individually in these orders. Thank you.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute. But I feel like tinker bell. And not a sexy one haha	review_date"
"does not fit well	review_date"
"Flattering	  good quality	review_date"
"My favorite lingerie	 very flattering	 and fits very well.	review_date"
"Too flimsy for my taste- but as shown.	review_date"
"Its not my favorite unfortunately	 your boobs just cant look like the picture meaning what natural boobs come together and go up lol but its soft and pretty just thought it would be better	review_date"
"So cute! Went with other reviews and ordered a size up!	review_date"
"I am in LOVE with the top! Sooo sexy! But the thong is way too tiny for me. Thats why the 4 stars.	review_date"
"The fabric is so soft and comfy! Plus side the husband loved it!	review_date"
"it looks very nice but cheaply made and it ripped after a few uses -__-	review_date"
"Really great feel	 resistant	 and flattering	review_date"
"adorable and good fit but believe me	 with the right partner it will not stay on long!	review_date"
"Nothing	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! I鈥檝e spent hundreds on lingerie from Victoria鈥檚 Secret and it never fits right. But this is soo amazing. The quality is insane and it鈥檚 so pretty. My new favorite piece. 100% buy this! I鈥檓 about to purchase every color!	review_date"
"Perfect fit and good qualityMight even order another one in a different color	review_date"
"I love this. It is soft and good quality. I feel sexy and like a fairy.	review_date"
"I got a Large (xl is too big for myself. 220	 5鈥? and let鈥檚 just say when I asked if he wanted to fool around he was too tired. I came out in this now he鈥檚 up for the night even after.. and he works in less than 6 hours. Needless to say.. purchase now! You will not be disappointed	review_date"
"I felt very sexy in this even though I have a bit of a belly.  It was great for the price. I did order an extra large and if fit perfect even though I am a 12/14 by regular sizes.	review_date"
"I think this is really flattering. Especially for the price I am 5\2 185 lbs and I got an xl. It fit nicely. My boobs are a little snug but other than that it works great. It's not too tight which is nice.""	review_date"
"I love it! Super sexy	 super comfortable	 amazing quality	review_date"
"I ordered this product not sure what to expect but ending up loving it. The price is incredible	 and it fit as expected when using the sizing chart. I wish the bra area was more of a push up	 but the sheer lace is absolutely amazing.	review_date"
"Love this!  Fits great and looks great!	review_date"
"The top looks great. The panties snapped before i even tried them on.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"鉂わ笍 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍 love this it鈥檚 a really nice material and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Very good quality for the money. Fit was as advertised. Material was better than expected. Great value. Can't wait for Xmas eve!!..	review_date"
"Really comfortable	 I am 5'8\ 185lbs and 8 months pregnant and I can comfortably wear it. Really good buy for the price for sure!""	review_date"
"Very good and sexy	 fits perfect	 really nice fitting.	review_date"
"Cute and comfortable	 can't beat that!	review_date"
"Looks Fantastic	review_date"
"Lingerie purchases are hard after having a baby. This one fit perfectly and I felt really pretty in it!!	review_date"
"Runs a little small	review_date"
"Color	 style	 texture	 are perfect	 and fit well	 I love it.	review_date"
"Very sexy nice fit. Gives your body some shape. I got a small I鈥檓 5鈥? 130lbs.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this item. Fits perfectly in all the right places. I will DEFINITELY be ordering from them again. AMAZING!!!!!!	review_date"
"Cute and flattering wished I had ordered a size smaller	review_date"
"I  never really have high expectations of lingerie from amazon but this is actually amazing. I  love how it fits and feels! If you鈥檙e considering buying this and are hesitant	 dont be	review_date"
"It fits great.	review_date"
"This is the 3rd piece I've purchased from Avidlove and I love all of them. The price is great	 the design is super cute and I feel amazing when I wear them. Plus they come in these great ziploc bags. I only wish I could find more pieces with full bottoms	 I'm not much of a thong girl.	review_date"
"I loved this set! It fit exactly as I was hoping. I am a 5\ tall and 110 lb girl and it fit me so well! Beautiful color and design""	review_date"
"I'm a 32DD and I'm always worried my boobs won't even remotely fit into a small	 however	 this fit well	 I think it's super flattering	 it's also very soft and comfortable!	review_date"
"Hubby loves	review_date"
"Everything fit and arrived on time with no issues.	review_date"
"It's delicate	 but very nice! And it's stretchy. I love it.	review_date"
"It fit her just the right way.	review_date"
"Honestly great price fits cute. Will post pic later	review_date"
"Love the way it fit perfect and the material is great as well	review_date"
"I love this piece. It's so sexy and comfortable. You can adjust the straps which is nice. I'm 148 lbs and 5'6 and I ordered a medium which fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"Fits perfect and beautiful	 very comfortable	review_date"
"He loves it	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Very sexy just like the picture	review_date"
"Not for busty women	review_date"
"I was very pleased with this product! It fit amazing! Made my girls look spot on! Will buy more from the seller!	review_date"
"bride to be loved it!	review_date"
"My favorite lingerie right now is this! It's so flattering and it falls beautifully	review_date"
"perfect he loves it	review_date"
"Love the handkerchief skirt.	review_date"
"Stretchy top	 fits nice and flows like picture. Very sexy and appealing	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"In the image it has white lace and the product I received was completely teal. It feels great and looks wonderful. I love it regardless.	review_date"
"It's so cute. The underwear are a little small but the top is literally the cutest ever. It's super soft and easy to put on and take off.	review_date"
"Wow! Great quality! Soft sexy well matching vibrant fabrics. Fit really well	 true to size for me.	review_date"
"Even more beautiful in person.  Love it!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a plus size and I LOVE it I got a 1x and it fit great even the panties which surprised me because I鈥檓 a xl in shirts and 18 in pants	review_date"
"I'm 145 pounds	 c cup and got a Medium. Fits perfect	review_date"
"This is amazing. I bought the bright pink color in a size xl and it fits soooo nicely! Thank you so much. I would expect a little static when you first put it on but other than that it鈥檚 actually comfortable and cute	review_date"
"My bf loves this outfit on me !	review_date"
"Love it! Beautiful...especially for the price!	review_date"
"So so soft. Fits as expected. Would absolutely buy again.	review_date"
"My husband favorite bday gift yet	review_date"
"Very nice.. my husband liked it a lot	review_date"
"I love it!!!	review_date"
"one time use...	review_date"
"Fit amazing	review_date"
"Bought as a gift	review_date"
"Sexy and elegant my wife loved it.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?119 lbs. I got a small and it fits well. Underwear is slightly baggy in the crotch but you can wear it with any underwear	 or none. Not a lot of boob support though.	review_date"
Sooo sexy and the quality is great!! Felt like a goddess and my husband definitely approves 
"Got this as a gift for a bride to be and she LOVED it. Such a pretty color and top piece.	review_date"
"Perfect quality looks so good on!true to size	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?/5鈥? 135 pounds got a small. It came as is and fits great!! I just wish you could adjust the straps.	review_date"
"Fits amazingly and it鈥檚 super soft too. It鈥檚 also really flattering so it was really nice to wear and show off.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"super cute	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 very classy and soft.	review_date"
"This was a beautiful set for low price	review_date"
"Loves the color! It鈥檚 comfy and sexy!	review_date"
"Just like the picture  Just what I expected.	review_date"
"	Nice product - worth the money.	review_date"
"The material that is used is super thin and fragile. It almost ripped as I put it over my head. The cups don't have any support so if you have bigger boobs expect them to either be flattened or saggy.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Cute.  Fits well.	review_date"
"This lingerie is cut very nicely. The thong is a little loose but otherwise love the color and fits well. Very fast shipping	review_date"
"not much support on the boobs mine jelly popping out. But my bf really loved this sexy black outfit	review_date"
"I bought every option of lingerie on Amazon. This one is far superior! Wow!	review_date"
"I like the design but the material was very cheap looking and was poorly made. It looked like somebody just took scissors and cut it up and sent it.	review_date"
"The clasp at the front wouldn鈥檛 fit properly into the hole	 got stuck	 then broke trying to remove it. It would have been so cute	 but need a better quality clasp at front.	review_date"
"Great fit!!! Sexy!	review_date"
"I like it	 he liked it.  Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I love this	 but I keep falling out of the t.	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Very cute guys fits great. Good material not bad at all for price	review_date"
"It sooo pretty.. just like the picture shows	review_date"
"This is perfect	 I鈥檓 size 12 and got a medium. Really cute.	review_date"
"Perfect	 nothing to complain.	review_date"
"Simple but sexy. My husband loves it	review_date"
"Disappointed	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 160 and the large fit perfect! It鈥檚 very cute and makes me feel sexy! Definitely recommend this!	review_date"
"Looks nothing like the picture. Terrible advertising	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"Cute fit as expected	review_date"
"it looks amazing and it fit  perfectly	review_date"
"Sexy and cute. I love this set. Fit perfect	 brings out the best of my body	 I thought maybe I was too tall for this	 5'10\	 but nope	 it just barely covers my booty	 perfect!""	review_date"
"This fabric is very soft and fit very nicely	 being very comfy and sexy. I weigh 160lbs and wear a 36dd bra so i ordered a large	 and it fit very nice. Definitely will look at other products from this seller.	review_date"
"This is an absolutely beautiful piece! It fit perfectly. The clasp in the front is well sewn in and doesn鈥檛 look cheap.	review_date"
"Cute last minute piece.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 hot! My boyfriend loves it. I鈥檓 5鈥?	189	 got a large and it is very flattering	review_date"
"Beautiful	 but too small on top.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Very soft and comfortable material. Sexy and cute!	review_date"
"Very nice.  Sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Perefecto	review_date"
"Very cheap	 didn't last one wash	 gf wasn't happy	review_date"
"Worked well. 馃榿	review_date"
"I'm a 34C. I ordered the XL and it fit perfectly. Very soft fabric and good quality.	review_date"
"Sexy and a good price. I recommend buying this nightie.	review_date"
"Wife likes the style	review_date"
"Was surprised at the quality for the price.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1\ and 130 lbs and the small fits me perfectly. I'm small chested	 but the material is stretchy so it fits well around the chest area and doesn't sag. It's very flattering and comfortable.""	review_date"
"Great. Love it	review_date"
"Super soft and flowy	 definitely recommend	review_date"
"I absolutely LOVE this. It fits perfectly. Im Always skeptical about these type of things but its very nice and CUTE . It feels nice on the skin and If you have a gut like mine (big belly) it hide it very well all while making you look AMAZING.	review_date"
"This is even cuter in person! I was a little leery buying lingerie online	 but I can't wait to give this to my friend for her shower!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very cute!	review_date"
"Fits well	 looks great. Good quality material	review_date"
"Love it Fits great	review_date"
"Very sexy!  My husband loves this.	review_date"
"I got the light green one.  Cute and soft. Runs small so go with a one size up for a better look.	review_date"
"Very Nice.	review_date"
"It's a gift and I don't know if it fits or not !! :/	review_date"
"Wore this as pregnancy lingerie. It was actually very sexy and flattering	 as well as comfortable with the loose	 open baby dolls front. My husband loved it.	review_date"
"Omg I absolutely Love it. It fits perfectly and it looked so sexy on me. I would definitely recommend this lingerie. I ordered a size large.	review_date"
"Good quality and it came like I expected it to.	review_date"
"I liked it	 husband liked it	 great product	 I'm usually a medium in most clothes and small chested	 ordered a large since I'm tall	 medium would have fit too probably	review_date"
"It had more support than I expected. Fits well.	review_date"
"It fix perfectly. But if you have bigger boob. You might not like it.	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy	 and fits amazingly.  The color is a little different than the picture but still a pretty color.	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"I love it! So sexy	review_date"
"Its very comfy. My husband loves it.	review_date"
"Quality was better than expected. It camouflage my stomach which I'm very self conscious about. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?190lbs and I bought the XL. I鈥檓 a 38DDD and it fit me perfectly. The panties fit perfect too.	review_date"
"The best loungerie i have so far. It makes u very sexy	review_date"
"It's stunning	  my hubby's favorite.  Only thing is the breast kind of go ti the side but can probably be adjusted if I tighten straps	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty	 but if you have big boobs	 do NOT get it. There is zero support in the boobs (I鈥檓 a 32I)	review_date"
"I loved this so much that I brought another one in Dark red. it is so sexy and and fits so well and I loved the front slit	review_date"
"My boyfriend seemed to enjoy it lol love the material. Soft and fits perfect	review_date"
"Love this lingerie!  Fits great and the size is accurate.  It looks amazing.  Very sexy	 completely sheer.  I like that it opens in the front.	review_date"
"Beautiful! I got a medium which is my normal size. 5'1	155	review_date"
"Very sexy. Came on time and in great condition. Fits perfectly. I will be buying the other colors.	review_date"
"So cute. Sheer enough to show a little	 but not too much to give it all away. Cute/Sexy- pink is your best bet!	review_date"
"Absolutely amazing! This product fits perfect to the size chart and is so cute ! It is comfy and the fabric isn鈥檛 cheap at all. I ordered an XL	 I weigh 175 and am a DD! Love this product	 highly recommended !	review_date"
"It's perfect. The material is nice. I bought xl I am tall 5'10 and 190 pounds. It's fits lovely	review_date"
"Fits well. Unfortunately it makes my boobs look really saggy and seperated.	review_date"
"so cute! prob could have went with the small due to small boobs! but the material is so soft and stretchy	 can鈥檛 wait to wear it!	review_date"
"What I ordered was not what what showed up and definitely not the right size... Not even close to the same as pictured	review_date"
Super sexy and does the job 
"Stretchy and thin but sexy !!!	review_date"
"Nice	 good quality	review_date"
"Fits and looks exactly like it does in the photos	 and i love that it comes with underwear that match perfect! Would order more in different colors!	review_date"
"Ripped the 2nd time I wore it.	review_date"
"I love it. My Boyfriend loves it. Perfect.	review_date"
"So comfortable	 stretchy	 easy to move in	 I love it.	review_date"
"Just what I expected	review_date"
"I usually buy extra large	 but bought in XXL. Cups are small	 but Im big up top. Cute and I love it	review_date"
"No breast support at all	review_date"
"Very pretty for the price. The thong runs small but I would buy again. Very pretty	review_date"
"This lingure is so beautiful and it is super soft too.	review_date"
"Great fit. Beautiful piece. Very sexy. 5鈥?鈥?150lbs got a medium.	review_date"
"Easy	review_date"
"I love it	 is very soft material	elegant 	 classy and beautiful. Meet my expectations 	 my husband love it.	review_date"
"This outfit is so pretty and great materiel my bf loves it	review_date"
"The underwear are terrible	 but the top is hot!! I would buy it again knowing I will never use the underwear.	review_date"
"I love the color	review_date"
"The clothing looks as on display. Suggest too take one size up than your normal size. Very happy with the purchase. It was delivered before the expected delivery time too. :)	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and weigh 155lbs.  The large fits perfectly.  It鈥檚 also very flattering.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Fits perfectly..does your body right	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very feminine material is soft and flattering. I love it	review_date"
"Although the piece is very pretty. It came stained with a black mark on the front. Very disappointing	review_date"
"Wife wore this and made me nut fast I went from long stroke Larry to the two pump chump	review_date"
"Color is beautiful. Fit perfectly. Very very sexy. I love it	review_date"
"If you have larger breast there will not be much support.	review_date"
"The pictures is different then what I get I got all green and does not look like the picture	review_date"
"It is beautiful	 the product is as how they show it	 I was wondering if it would look cheap but material is great. I love it	review_date"
"Was better than expected	review_date"
"I love this so much it's so cute and sexy. Really nice soft fabric. Good quality. Ten out of ten would buy again.	review_date"
"Super cute! Ordered an XL and it fit perfectly	review_date"
"It's nice	 definitely doesn't fit my chest but I guess with lingerie thats sometimes the point	review_date"
"I love how cute it is. Boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"I was very pleased with this product.  If fit even better than I had hope and is just as nice as shown in the picture.	review_date"
"Nice product.	review_date"
"the dress is suuper cute and sexy but I didnt care for the poor quality thong	review_date"
"Underwear are tiny but top is perfect!	review_date"
"Nice and sexy	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a 34DD and it fits perfectly. I ordered a medium.	review_date"
"Love it	 only issue was got the wrong color green one despite ordering otherwise. Still cute though!	review_date"
"Super soft and fits my body just right	review_date"
"Fits perfect love it!	review_date"
"A+	review_date"
"super cute and sexy. it holds my boobs really nicely and i love the fact that the back and the front opens :)	review_date"
"Husband loved it! 馃槀	review_date"
"Absolutely love this. It is so comfortable and easy to wear.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"The label to return can only be used at a ups store. We don鈥檛 have one local and I have to drive over a hour to get to one.	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"A bit small in the cleavage and im a 32c (i would recomend an XL) . Made well and comfortable.	review_date"
"True color and size and nice fabric feel	review_date"
"I loved this.. fit as expected and my boyfriend loved it ..	review_date"
"Beautiful product fits great and is 100% what is in the picture.	review_date"
"Used the measurement chart on order page	 was between sizes so I went up...still too tight...	review_date"
"This lingerie fits amazingly. It hides all the problem areas	 but still reveals enough.	review_date"
"Color was exactly what I expected and it fit my chest but a little loose on my back. I have big breast and not big everywhere else.	review_date"
"Everything I have ordered from this company has fit perfect	 good quality of materials and awesome customer service!	review_date"
"it fits perfect and my husband love it for the price it is incredible.	review_date"
"Perfect size!!  I am 5鈥?. 130 pounds. 44DD. It fits perfect!!  Ordered a large	review_date"
"Super cute	 but way too small.	review_date"
"Bueno	review_date"
"Absolutely love! But it did not arrive on time despite paying for expedited shipping.	review_date"
"Loves it	review_date"
"Loved this!  The material is so soft and the detail is beautiful!  I will be ordering from them again.	review_date"
"IT WORKS.	review_date"
"Fits good.	review_date"
"My wife loves it	 we bought it so she could take maternity pictures and for after the baby.	review_date"
"Good quality and fit as expected. Would purchase this again.	review_date"
"I love this! The material is really comfortable and soft. I鈥檓 180 lbs	 5鈥? and a large fits very well.	review_date"
"This item was perfect. Love the color and the way it fits	review_date"
"Great quality	 fit perfect	 and will work great for my pictures!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a bustier gal and this is beautiful but I need some more coverage	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It was great	 my husband loves it. The underwear not so great	 but I love the top. It's perfect!	review_date"
"So sweet and sexy my hubby loves this outfit	review_date"
"Beautiful. Sexy	review_date"
"This item is perfect - and true to size	review_date"
"My girlfriend really enjoyed this outfit. It fit perfectly. She got a medium	 150 pounds	 5鈥?	 36b	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Fits perfect and looks super fantastic on I love it	review_date"
"Was not a long wait before I received  my package  and it fit perfectly. I'm happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"underwear were a little small	 but the top fit great! I love it!	review_date"
"it's sexy and confortable	review_date"
"Nice color and fits perfect	review_date"
"Fits well exactly like the picture	review_date"
"Use the chart to get correct size	 otherwise it will be too small.	review_date"
"Just perfect	 I鈥檓 a size medium on top	 but large on bootie 	 it perfect fabric	 stretch	 fits really perfect I鈥檓 buying this again!	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it	 no complaints on my end or his end.	review_date"
"The top is super shear to where you can clearly see your nipples but hey it鈥檚 supposed to be sexy right	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Gorgeous and so flattering for any body type.	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"Came with a broken plastic peice that connects the strap to the lingerie. It would be nice if i can actually wear it	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Got lucky	review_date"
"So cute! I was worried with the price	 but it鈥檚 great!	review_date"
"husband loves it (on me) so thank youuuuu!!!!	review_date"
"The thong was totally lopsided! I guess that鈥檚 what that price point gets you!!!!	review_date"
"I was a bit nervous to order this but once I put it on it made me feel so good about myself. Would buy this again!	review_date"
"True fit and my boyfriend loves it!!	review_date"
"I bought two! One in blue and one in black. I highly recommend Avidlove and I am sticking to them so far for my lingerie.	review_date"
"Well	 it looked really hot on my wife!	review_date"
"Fit my GF perfectly	 used it tonight and damn O.O	review_date"
"I love it! It fits true to size and I鈥檓 very satisfied!	review_date"
"Very nice lingerie. It is comfortable and makes you feel sexy and beautiful!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it	 fits like it should for a XL	review_date"
"This is excellent. Fits great. I love how I look in it. My boyfriend loves how I look in it.	review_date"
"I read the reviews about the size and ordered a size bigger than normal fit perfect love it!	review_date"
"Just outstanding! I am 5鈥?鈥?122#	review_date"
"The lingerie is as beautiful as it shows in the picture worth buying !!	review_date"
"Nice piece for a spicy night	review_date"
"Great material	 very comfortable and cute	review_date"
"Fits great 	 material is very soft	review_date"
"Great quality!!	review_date"
"My husband loved It!	review_date"
"Good buy	review_date"
"So glad I bought this. Hubby loves it on me. Fits nice and looks great	review_date"
"I liked The most when I started :) sorry no pictures is only for my self馃槇	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	review_date"
"The fit was nice.  I felt extra sexy 鈥?it was a hit with my husband too!	review_date"
Fit is a little small. But it鈥檚 very stretchy in the band so it works. It鈥檚 SO pretty. Bf loved it (
"I am 5鈥?鈥?about 145lbs and a 32 DD and I ordered a large. It fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"It was sexy but kind of cheaply-made!	review_date"
"good for the price	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 very comfortable. I'm highly satisfied	review_date"
"Love love lovee this nighty! Sexy soft and comfortable!	review_date"
"It was great my husband loved how it looked on me	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 love it	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Looks amazing.	review_date"
"Fast shipping good product	review_date"
"soft and exactly like the picture	 will order again	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"Loved it!!	review_date"
"The piece is beautiful	 it would be better if it didnt have a big tear in it!	review_date"
"Fits like i expected and boyfriend really likes it	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it . would totally buy again	review_date"
"It is very pretty and fits well.	review_date"
"Just as expected!!	review_date"
"Fit as expected!  5'6 at 170lbs	 38C and Xlarge was the perfect fit!	review_date"
"love this but it does run small i got a size up i usually wear a large	review_date"
"LOVE THIS!!! So soft and sexy.	review_date"
"Fit good	 the chest a tad baggy but it worked well.	review_date"
"Did not get what was pictured	review_date"
"Very comfortable and fits true to size. Worth the money.	review_date"
"Really pretty	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 200 lbs with muscle and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Husband liked it!	review_date"
"Fits amazing id def. buy it again if needed	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Love love it!!!	review_date"
"It fits great and is very comfortable	review_date"
"It came torn so I returned it.	review_date"
"Surprisingly beautiful	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"As shown	review_date"
"so comfortable and fits as expected!	review_date"
"Just perfect !	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"Me gusto todo	review_date"
"I wore it and my husband loved it	review_date"
"Love it馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Great fit.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"My wife loved	 very confortable.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"I was 5鈥?7鈥?195 lbs and 36 C chest	 it fit me very well. It covered my belly too so I didn鈥檛 feel too uncomfortable. Very breathable I still had coverage on my boobs doing standard positions and what not. Overall great.	review_date"
"It was nice	review_date"
"Worked like a charm	review_date"
"I luv it	review_date"
"As described.	review_date"
"Fit better than I expected!	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Ns	review_date"
"I love it. The actual garment fits great. I'm 5'1	 105 lbs and a 32 DD and it fit great. No Support for the girls	 but I wasn't expecting any. But it fits well and is very soft. The g-string that comes with it was odd. It fit mostly	 but the actual fabric triangle had too much fabric and puckered oddly. But that's okay	 I have underwear that match it.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Love both items I got	review_date"
"Very flattering design for most figures	 the pleated hang from the bust hides belly.  Bust measurement is the only one important for size.  Material and lace are stretchy and soft.  Color is true to picture.  Would buy in other colors.	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"Very nice qualit.y I was surprised when It came in the mail at how nice it is. It fits great Its defiantly not one of those cheap Chinese super tiny made sexy outfits lol. Its normal sizing. It is very nice.	review_date"
"Was very cute	 but the size chart was not accurate for me.  I'm a size 10 and ordered an XL which was a bit too big.  It also doesn't offer any support up top.  Otherwise very cute and very nice material.  Soft and silky.	review_date"
"This product ships from China. If it doesn鈥檛 fit you	 you will have to pay for sending the item back. Their sizes are not true to American sizes. Plus	 it is very see through and meant for smaller busted woman. I would not recommend this item.	review_date"
"very comfortable	  I am 5-5 and 175lb. ordered XL. I am large busted	 this fits well and is very pretty.  fabric is soft  the Gstring is a gstring.	review_date"
"It's so pretty and comfortable \u0026 I love the color. I'm about 5'6\ \u0026 115 lbs and the small fit perfect.""	review_date"
"Very elegant and classy look. I bought this for my wife and needless to say it was a treat when we finally got to use it.	review_date"
"Sexy! Comfy! He loves it	review_date"
"Love it! Super sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Ok so I鈥檓 5鈥? and 140lb.. I ordered a small size and this fit just perfectly even the underwear did too	 it鈥檚 so soft and see through. Honestly best one I seen so far	 cant really trust websites with sizes without seeing the reviews so here some pics for your own judgement.	review_date"
"I'm returning it because it emphasizes my stomach there is a open scene from the middle of your body split straight down your stomach and it tends to emphasize your stomach something I don't need. It would have been better if there was a seam on that slit.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 always hesitant ordering clothing online because it usually doesn鈥檛 fit but this was perfect. The material is so soft. I鈥檓 5鈥?ish and fluctuate 155-160 lbs.	review_date"
"It is sooo sexy. Im 5'4 and 130 pounds and the size small fits perfect. Kindof cheap material but it definatly looks good and the panties even fit and arent as cheap as i expected!	review_date"
"Fits great \u0026 holds everything and cover the stomach if you feel a certain way about it and a nice color esp if your a DD	review_date"
"cute	review_date"
"My husband and I both loved it! Very pretty and I imagine very flattering for any body type! The material is soft and comfortable for lingerie.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece! It looks like the picture	 it's soft	 comfortable	 pretty and sexy	 and actually works with smaller boobs 馃槷 My boyfriend loved it to! Word of caution	 don't pull on the straps to hard or the plastic ring might break. Don't worry	 I can still wear it and will again! I want to try other pieces from this company. Great quality and fit	review_date"
"Very beautiful and fits great the color is exactly how it looks on pictures and very sexy!!!	review_date"
"Absolutely in love with the fabric and color bought it in purple and it's amazing	review_date"
"Beautiful	 great fit	 very soft and flowy	review_date"
"Very nice	 met my expectations.	review_date"
"Had a hole in the boob	review_date"
"Don't like material	review_date"
"Looks good on my wife	review_date"
"The fabric is very pretty	 I do wish however that the top had extra fabric and wasn鈥檛 see through but otherwise I love it!	review_date"
"really like it a little to tight	review_date"
"Supper  Gorgeous Loving it	review_date"
"Fit me as expected. Husband loved it! However	 doesn't do much for lifting the tatas up.	review_date"
"Love it! Very flattering!	review_date"
"Big fan! fabrics nice as well	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"We both love it	review_date"
"Beautiful and Comfy	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"I am obsessed with this! I want it in every color. Definitely a good purchase	review_date"
"Very nice!	review_date"
"wish there was a bit more support	review_date"
"Very beautiful! Can't wait to wear it.	review_date"
"Looks like a Halloween costume.	review_date"
"it was large and not fit.. had to return it..	review_date"
"chest part was too small to keep the girls in.	review_date"
"So beautiful	 loved it!	review_date"
"Well made and good quality.	review_date"
"I love it! Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Extremely Sexy!!	review_date"
"It fits great very beautiful  and sexy	review_date"
"I like it. It's cute and fitts as expected.	review_date"
"Perfect.	review_date"
"It is soooooo cute and sexy. Bought it for Christmas to surprise my boyfriend and I think he鈥檚 love it. I got the royal blue one and I think it鈥檚 perfect.	review_date"
"Simply the best fit and price...I love it	review_date"
"Super sexy and looks great on! I think my husband will agree. Shipped quickly and was a great price. Thank you	review_date"
"Love the material fit great	review_date"
"It fits her nice and snug	review_date"
"So sexy! Absolutely love it	review_date"
"Was a great fit and very pretty.  Loved how it felt and the fact it was flowing.	review_date"
"Red color was very pretty and the material was nice!	review_date"
"It's pretty in person	review_date"
"Very strange. Wouldn鈥檛 recommend it. Going to give it it someone else.	review_date"
"Pretty but a little small.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Just wish there was a little more material in the stomach part.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Not only looks good on but feels really comfortable as well. Very sexy too.	review_date"
"Really nice material	review_date"
"Love it super soft and fit perfectly	review_date"
"It's very comfortable. I feel very sexy in it. The straps are adjustable which is nice.	review_date"
"I loved this piece!!  It fit perfectly and looked really nice.  My boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Ran a little bigger than I expected but got here fast!! Thank you !	review_date"
"Fit nicely. Great for the price.	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE! I love it! My husband \LOVES\"" it!""	review_date"
"Perfect! Beautiful color and fits amazing! My husband will love it!!!!!!	review_date"
"Very nice	 just doesn鈥檛 fit the Breast as well.	review_date"
"It was delivered and the product is Great.馃嚥馃嚱馃槆馃嚥馃嚱鉂わ笍馃嚥馃嚱	review_date"
"To big think I just missed the order size	review_date"
"good stuff	review_date"
"It's very pretty	review_date"
"Ripped first time i out it on. 馃槨馃槨	review_date"
"I am seven months pregnant and was hoping I would be able to fit into this. For reference I am about a 34 DD with a big belly. I ordered an extra large and the top fit perfect. But there was no way the bottoms were going to fit! I do not feel like the size of the top and bottom match. I was about a size 6 or 8 pre pregnancy.  The material is pretty soft. It is not bad for cheap lingerie.	review_date"
"Sexy.	review_date"
"O love the adjustable straps.	review_date"
"It is perfect! Very good quality	review_date"
"Its  perfect	review_date"
"Very nice !!!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"It was super cute on but one of the straps broke and it was only the 2nd time wearing it.	review_date"
"I am in love with this lingerie! I bought it to do a boudoir photo shoot and I felt amazing in it! Soft material	 and good quality!!	review_date"
"The bra part offers no support and the babydoll is slit open down the front and exposes your belly vs. the picture where its one solid piece	 covering your tummy. Its still cute but not what I expected when I made this purchase.	review_date"
"It looks beautiful. Very flattering! But one of the plastic things holding the shoulder straps was broken.	review_date"
"Wish they were the right size when received	review_date"
"not worth the money	review_date"
"Very soft and not cheap looking. Fits as expected.  Usually i wear a L or XL.  Got this in XL based on reviews and probably would鈥檝e fit a L but still fits good.	review_date"
"So first of all my wife loves it and it looks as advertised too	review_date"
"The material feels great on my skin. I鈥檓 very comfortable it鈥檚 not too tight	review_date"
"Much cuter in the product pictures. It looks a bit slutty and cheap in person. Nipples will show right through	 they don鈥檛 tell you that in the description. Supposed to be for a lingerie shower	 but I鈥檒l be returning this one.	review_date"
"This is open down the front -  a \feature\"" not included in the description! In general	 the cups were the expected fit	 the rest was very large. I am 4'9\"" 	 107 pounds	 34b.""	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 but the thong is ruff to skin	review_date"
"This vanity sizing HAS TO GO!! My dear husband bought two nighties for me for Christmas. He spent time and effort (we all know how rare that is) choosing items he thought we would both like	 based on ratings	 and went so far as to research correct sizing based off of the company鈥檚 chart. What we asked for was a size small. What we got was two items labeled small that fit like a VS size XL or L. I am shaped like a model and I was swimming in these items despite their being labeled as a size I should fit. The top wasn鈥檛 bad but	 the waist was 28 inches	 and the hips were 42. In no plausible	 potential	 way would this ever be viewed as a size small. I don鈥檛 even think you could consider it a small for plus sizing. These items should definitely be recatigorized as Plus Size	 not in standard sizeing. My husband completely had the wind taken out of his sails from the experience	 and I doubt he will even attempt to purchase anything similar in the near future.	review_date"
"I had to give this piece 2 stars which I hate doing. The reasons for the low score are	 1. The set received only had half of the clasp that closes the top together. In photo provided set is closed due to sticking it through the clothing. Over time this will ruin the top altogether. Which is why mine will be returned. 2. The bottoms to the set are very cheaply made. Once I got past this and actually got the set on I loved the way it felt I looked good my belly and stretch marks are well hidden. I鈥檓 so sad I have to return this. I bought to wear on my fianc茅e 30th birthday:( maybe In store purchases for these items only from now on.	review_date"
"I'm so surprised this fit me so well and is from China! I got a Large and am 5'8\ and 150 lbs and have large boobs and good sized hips and this didn't make me look bigger at all like a lot of flowy tops can make you look.""	review_date"
"I love this outfit! It fits almost perfect except the thong was a little big. The color is amazing and material is soft. I will be buying another color soon.	review_date"
"If you are looking for something to spice up your night this is it my girlfriend loved it trust me so did I	 fitted her very well especially if your girlfriend or wife has a nice behind this is one sexy lingerie outfit!!	review_date"
"Nice piece	 but not for plus size women	review_date"
"Somewhat small. Green color is unflattering.	review_date"
"incredibly soft. love this	review_date"
"I never order things like this online because I'm petite. I'm 4'11\ 110 with athletic figure. Small chest and larger rear and this was still beautiful	 fit well and comfy! I ordered a size small and I usually wear size small or xs.""	review_date"
"My wife loves it she said it makes her feel sexy and it is so comfortable.	review_date"
"Perfect fit love it!	review_date"
"True to size	 soft material	 well crafted and ABSOLUTELY SEXY! lol hubby will love this one.馃槉	review_date"
"I absolutely love it! Fits perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥? 156 pounds and I ordered a medium! Will definitely be shopping with avidlove again!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and about 115 lbs ordered a small and it fit perfectly. Material was as pictured and color	review_date"
"Ot fits perfectly and super soft and comfortable. The girls fall out of it when I lean over but I usually expect that.	review_date"
"It just came in and I LOVE it!! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 175lbs and the large fits perfect!!	review_date"
"In the photo online	 the lace top looks a much lighter shade of green (almost whitish) than the tool bodice. I bought this thinking there would be a color difference between the lace and the tool... there is not. The lace top is the same green as the tool. Fits well feels nice. Just not what I expected nor wanted.	review_date"
"I loooooove this thing!!! I am 5鈥?鈥?and I weigh about 160. I ordered a size M. It was so comfortable and didn鈥檛 itch or anything. I didn鈥檛 feel as though it was cutting in places and I got a lot of compliments.	review_date"
"The photos are misleading- the model has fairly large breasts and since they are up so high	 I assumed the bodysuit had some kind of support. It does not. So I had to go out and purchase a separate bra that won't be seen underneath. I have large breasts (34DDD) and even so	 it still had a lot of excess fabric that flared out around the armpit area so I stitched it down with my basic sewing skills. Normally	 I wouldn't have bothered but the rest of the piece is truly flattering and the pattern is very forgiving. I have a little belly and it's basically hidden when I wear this. The low back sits at the sweet spot on the waist that will define curves but also hold in those love handles. I will continue to wear it but I just wish that I didn't have to fuss with it so much.	review_date"
"Really great quality for the price	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and about 120 lbs	 I sized up to a medium but probably would have been okay with a small	 it has adjustedable straps to the medium works out	review_date"
"Absolutely love this bodysuit! Fits so amazingly	 I am 5鈥? and 120 lbs and the small fits me like a glove! Will be ordering more colors and the other style as well! Definitely my new favorite!	review_date"
"5\6 200-210lbs (yea my weight flucates). I ordered a L. Fights nicely and outfit breaths. 38C Boobs.""	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. More than satisfied with this purchase. (Size M)	review_date"
"As a mom of 3 (2 c-sections)!!! This is absolutely flattering. It accentuates all the right lady lumps馃槒FYI: I'm 5'9 and 185lbs	 purchased size large	review_date"
"It looks good	 my hubby loves it... but I could have gone with a smaller size. I got a M according to the size chart	 but a small would have looked a lot better!! I鈥檓 5鈥? about 140lbs and C cup... so I sound like a M right... but for ME	 a Small would have been a better option. Still looked good though.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?130lb and I ordered a small... I have an athletic build and it fit perfect! I may be buying more! My bf of 8 yrs thinks it鈥檚 super classy and sexy... I can also wear a bra under it and wear it as a T-shirt  and it鈥檚 stretchy enough to pull it to the side to go pee! ** In the picture I am wearing a black bra and black panties**	review_date"
"Really love this line of lingerie. The fit is always true to size and the lace is soft and not scratchy. I gave it 4 stars because the choker piece was a little weird. I feel like it was made for a woman with a longer torso.	review_date"
"Wow	 I bought this for my wife and it looks stunning on her.  She has not had a Teddy for a long time so this was a nice addition to her nighty drawer.  She loves it too and it made her feel sexy and we had a very nice time taking if off.I got the small for her and she is about 5鈥?鈥?and 130 pounds with smaller breasts.  It fits great all over.	review_date"
"I am larger in the waist and tummy and opted for a large. The straps on it had to be reattached	 which was a little frustrating. However	 it is inexpensive and pretty. It functions just the way you need it to for the limited time that it is expected to be on.	review_date"
"Loved this bodysuit! So sexy and worked perfectly with a leather bodycon skirt and some heels. I had a hard time deciding what size to get after reading so many reviews	 but I'm happy I got a medium instead of a large. The fabric is stretchy. I'm 5'3	 150 pounds	 38c and with a 32 hips.	review_date"
"Very pretty. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 120lbs. Small fit great	review_date"
"Very nice piece 	 the material is very soft and doesnt irritate me which is rare when I purchase lace. I got an xl and I鈥檓 190 pounds 5鈥? 	 however I could have got a large . Most of my weight is in my boobs 34 g and butt . It鈥檚 true to size to me .	review_date"
"This is really cute! You can definitely use this piece with different outfits! It does run small so I would go up a size or two.	review_date"
"I really love this teddy. I bought the XL and the XXL and the XL fit but was a little snug which made it seem a little short. I am only 5'1\ so it should fit length wise. So I bought another one and I am waiting for it to arrive. I really like the way it looks and makes me feel sexy because it covers all my flaws. I wear a 40C	 I am about 195lbs	 and I wear a 16/18 in pants.""	review_date"
"Don't hesitate just get it	  the price is right and it's stunning	  the blue is so vibrant and beautiful! I wear 38 DDD bra and I am 5'7\ normally wear sizes 12/14""	review_date"
"Wore this for my boudoir shoot. The lace was very soft and the piece fit perfectly. Didn't love the crisscross straps in the back	 but it was very comfortable.	review_date"
"Great product	 you should get it!  OMG the color	 fit and quality is spot on. It even looks nice after being laundered.  I wear 38DD size 12-14 and I'm very picky.  But this one met my expectations. I ordered them in green and purple...just lovely!	review_date"
"I purchased this as an option to to wear underneath a black blazer and skinny tuxedo pants when I didn't want to go for the \bra-less\"" look and deal with double0sided tape to hold it over my breasts. It looked great! Sexy	 classy and produced the look I was going for. And well	 when I took off my suit later - my boyfriend could not keep hands off of me. I ordered the small and I am 5'4	 118lbs	 32D	 26\"" waist	 36\"" hips. Petite and lean frame. I can add a photo later for reference.""	review_date"
"I LOVE IT!!!! And so will he :). This completely exceeded my expectations. Very nice material	 comfortable and I would say perfect for all body types. I'm 5'2\	 size 10	 38D and curvy. I ordered a Large and it fit perfectly. I'll be ordering more in different colors!""	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 130 pounds with a 34D chest. I bought several lingerie outfits for a boudoir photo shoot I was doing for my husband鈥檚 birthday. This one is so flattering and sexy - I felt beautiful wearing it. Good quality but delicate so be careful when washing it. Love it!	review_date"
"Larger than expected based on measurements but the color and fabric are really lovely for the price. 5'6\	 140lbs and a medium was pretty loose"
"I can't say enough good things about this piece!! It os lovely	 instantly makes you feel beautiful	 its made well and the material is soft...much nicer than i expected. I orderd a Medium and it fit so Perfectly! I'm so happy with this piece. I'm 5'0\ and weigh 140lb.""	review_date"
"I bought this with low hopes of it being anywhere near quality	 but this is stunning! I am a curvy sz 4 and got the medium because I didn't want it to mark my skin for a photo shoot. I think a small might have been too tight and medium was a bit loose in a few areas	 but overall I would say this is a steal. It photographs like an expensive piece of lingerie and feels like it	 too. There is no liner to shield your private bits	 but the pattern conceals a lot more than you think. Definitely buying this in other colors.	review_date"
"The material is soft and covers every where as shown in the picture. It is a little to big but I think if you adjust the straps it will fit fine. My measurements are 5鈥?	 220#	 breast size 40D and I purchased the 2xl	 I probably could鈥檝e gotten the XL and it would鈥檝e fit perfect.	review_date"
"My husband picked out this one and I wasn鈥檛 sure. It鈥檚 very flattering. Especially after two kids for the tummy. Makes my boobs look fabulous. Love it and was much better quality than I thought it would be. It stretches where you want it to and holds where you need it to.	review_date"
"The size small looks like a large. I actually double checked the tag to assure I wasn鈥檛 accidentally sent the wrong size. The bust area is very wide so I think this would be great for someone who is petite but has a huge bust. I took pics of a small nightie that I have in comparison to the one I ordered.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 128 lbs with smallish boobs and a small fits me perfect. Remarkably cute and very soft lace. I don鈥檛 know how well it would hold up if you were to wear it very often but it鈥檚 good enough for the occasional wear. Very sexy. Even the color is as pictured. I just wish it had snaps at the bottom:/	review_date"
"I'm very used to these types of items not fitting the way I want but this was absolutely wonderful. I'm 5'2	 120 lbs so I'm small but I have 34 DDD breasts. This actually makes me love the way I look. I fabric is soft tho I do feel like it will fall apart of I don't take care of it. But overall I absolutely love it	review_date"
"My fianc茅 loved it on me! Very sexy! Fits true to size	review_date"
"I wanted to love this product but it just did not fit me correctly. It was way to large.Pros:-Exactly what is shown in the picture-Quality is decent considering the price-Lace is very prettyCons:-Fits large - I'm a small and the small was way to big on me	review_date"
"Looks exactly like how it does in the photos! Really nice and fit just right	 just wish my boobs were as big as the one on the photos. I bet it鈥檇 fit even better haha. I actually used this bodysuit for a maternity boudoir shoot so it went great with it and highlighted my tummy very great. Would order again when I鈥檓 not pregnant	 for my hubby!!	review_date"
"It looks like it might be rough	 with the lace design but it鈥檚 not! It鈥檚 so smooth and comfortable	 you have a lot of room to adjust the straps	 I like it!	review_date"
"I ordered a xxl for a sexy Xmas gift for my boo it鈥檚 a little bit big and I鈥檓 a size 16	review_date"
"It is accurate how I imagine it. That color is beautiful and it suits me very well with my skin color. her neckline is very sexy open up to the navel. super hot 鉂わ笍.! although I stay a little big but I felt more comfortable.	review_date"
"Its comfortable and fits great!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece!  The purple is vibrant. I read the views and everyone said the sizes run smile so I ordered a large ( I normally wear a small). The large fit great. The lace is very good quality. I already ordered another style in this brand :)	review_date"
"As women	 it is often hard for us to enjoy normal day clothing	 let along clothing designed to make us feel sexy. I loved this piece and so did my boyfriend. I love how soft the material is and how easy it is to get on and off. I hate hooks and built in bras and stuff cause of my body type (large chests don't fit in small boob cups) and this was perfect! It is great for women of larger chests! The simplicity is great	 however	 I wish it did have maybe just some rhinestone or at least a ribbon in the mid section	 but other than that	 I was outstandingly happy.	review_date"
"First time ordering lingerie from Amazon	 and first time ordering inexpensive lingerie and I'm actually super happy with my purchase! It looked amazing. I'm 6'0	 170 lbs	 36DD.Most one piece things I own or try on are too short in the torso but this piece has some nice stretch to it and was pretty comfortable. Does ride up a little bit in the back	 but mostly because I have a big butt and my long torso	 but it definitely didn't look bad... my fiance didn't complain at all.	review_date"
"I am SO pleased with this order! I am about 140lbs \u0026 5'7 and I decided to go with the Medium.  It fits perfectly	 it compliments my body very well	 and it is very sexy. Especially for the price	 I am very very happy.  I will certainly be ordering from this company again in the future. Would definitely recommend :)	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 usually leave reviews	 but I just needed to let the curvy ladies know that this will be a purchase you won鈥檛 regret.	review_date"
"I have only good things to say about this teddy. I purchased the darker red in the v-neck with criss cross straps in the back. I ordered a size small (5鈥?	 34A-B	 120 lbs) The adjustable straps were great"
"It鈥檚 pretty	 it fits	 it covers all the right bits	 what鈥檚 not to like? The only	 rather significant	 drawback to this lovely attire is that it doesn鈥檛 open at the crotch"
"Super sexy and flattery for curvy body. No boob support but I wasn鈥檛 really expecting anyway.	review_date"
"where do i begin! i love this teddy. it fits like a glove and i feel great in it. I'm about a 40D in my bras so definitely on the bigger chested end and i love this.. normally things like this just make me feel uncomfortable because they don't fit right or just something is off.. but not this.. i love it!	review_date"
"It fits great and is super comfortable and flattering BUT I was adjusting the straps (while they were off) and it tore off. I haven't even worn it. I was only trying it on. I only had it on for only three minutes. It is comfortable and cute though. I'm sad but I guess I'll try to get the strap sewn back on.	review_date"
"This is a sexy suit. It fits as expected. Love the adjustable straps. I knew it would be all lace so nipple would show. It does indeed. Soo just be aware you may need covers if you choose. My order came later than the expected deliver date	 but still arrived in time for what I needed.	review_date"
"Fit well 	 I ordered a large an my chest is 36c  an it filled great. Stretched a bit so didn't feel like it was gonna tear. Very comfortable to wear under clothing an was great to lounge in. I ordered black ?the material was smooth 	 durable	 and didn't reveal too much	review_date"
"I'm 5'8\ 160 pounds and ordered up a size to get extra length. Still is a little short feeling and now too large elsewhere. It's a nice feeling piece but is cut quite boxy. It would be OK for everyday wear but if you want it for a special occasion I think you could do better as far as fit goes.""	review_date"
"So as lingerie I would rate this more of a 3 - it鈥檚 just okay. There鈥檚 not a lot of support there and honestly the material is pretty cheap (I guess it鈥檚 good for the price). HOWEVER it makes a really cute bodysuit (probably a 5) if you put something like a cute bra underneath for support and coverage to go out and go clubbing in. The product fit me well - I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥欌€?and 135lbs and I ordered a small. The medium definitely would鈥檝e felt too big.	review_date"
"Usually things don鈥檛 fit my chest but this did. Stretchy	 pretty lace. You will need nipple covers and or a bra underneath unless you want everyone to see them. Can wear as lingerie or as a bodysuit under jeans(that鈥檚 what I did with black nipple covers) got a lot of compliments!!	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit. I wore it with a push up bra and underneath a blazer in Vegas. I think it may run a tad small	 so I ordered up (XL) and it fit fine. I usually wear a 12/14 and the XL worked well. It's soft and nice and stretchy. I would recommend!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a a little difficult to fit so I was a little nervous about this Teddy.  As it turns out	 it鈥檚 very forgiving.  If I鈥檇 had more time I could have easily made a couple of adjustments since it was a little big.  I鈥檓 usually a 10 jeans and 12 dress.	review_date"
"Fits but the torso is a little short. If you have a longer torso	 this might not be right for you	 if you鈥檙e trying to wear this outside of the bedroom. Really well made and doesn鈥檛 feel like the lace will rip	review_date"
"This very comfortable	 sexy and flattering. There isn't much bust support and the straps in the back don't slide smoothly	 but otherwise it's beautifully constructed. The quality of the lace is much nicer than expected	review_date"
"This is one of the first teddys I've ever bought	 and I loved it! It was so so comfortable and I believe it will look great on a lot of body types. I'm 5'9 so finding things like this that fit well can be difficult	 but it has adjustable straps which will help with fitting it better to your body. I definitely recommend it!	review_date"
"I bought this to surprise my boyfriend for valentines day. it's super cute	 fit well and i love that you can re-wear it with shorts/skirt/etc.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 135lbs	 DD	 standing at 5 ft tall	 size 8-10 or large on clothes	 so I ordered Large. It ran big	 should have ordered a medium.	review_date"
"This lingerie is so flattering. Definitely have 鈥渕om bod鈥?after having a csection and I love how this covers all of my insecurities while still making me feel sexy. It stretches and sits perfectly on all my curves. I ordered a LG and am 5鈥? 205lbs and probably could have gotten away with a MD but it would have been a little tighter. It鈥檚 a must have!	review_date"
"I love this tedy. It will be perfect for sleeping and it looks sexy. I sized up and it fit very well. My man loves it too. Would recommend. Ps: no support in chest	 so to bustier women- if you don鈥檛 mind a little jiggle then this will work.	review_date"
"I rarely ever order clothes or anything to wear online because I can't try it on first. I did order this and was surprised at the quality of the material and that the Medium size fit me perfect. Really happy with the product. =) !	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\	 158lbs and 34DDD. The large is almost too big	 but I don't know that I'd want to go down a size. It is really comfortable	 and pretty. Although	 not feeling super sexy in it.""	review_date"
"I absolutely love it. It fit perfectly! It has a little stretch which is nice and you can adjust the straps. Very quick delivery too! I ordered a large	 I'm a DD with a fitness build.	review_date"
"This fit my fianc茅e. She ordered a small and it fit perfectly. She is 5鈥?鈥?and typically wears a size 4 or 6 in pants. Her cup size is a B. Hope this helps!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! I am a size large and so I bought a size large and it just fits!! I do have a small chest so If you are fairly large it may be a bit small in the chest area!  It is stretchy however. But definitely a beautiful and sexy design! I am repurchasing in another color!!!	review_date"
"I love this! I bought it as a gift for a bridal shower and after feeling how soft it was	 I was in shock. So of course	 I tried it on before I was going to give it away. Doesn't every good friend do that? Anyway	 I kept it. It's cute under clothes	 or just by itself. I bought two more colors	 and yes	 I did give my friend the unworn clean one. Super cute!	review_date"
"Bought this last minute for a boudoir photoshoot. It fit PERFECT. I bought a size small. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 116 lbs. Highly recommended !	review_date"
"Love these I need them in every color. If you're second guessing them dont. Click buy!!!! I went with medium and I'm 5'4 150lbs. They are very comfortable and stay up around your waist nice and snug unlike alot of other leggings.	review_date"
"I love this it is see-thru so it will need to be lined in order to wear out but its very comfortable I can wear it all night	 I'm 5'4 at 140 lbs and I got a medium	 I have a pear shape so its hard to find one a piece that fits since my top is a lot larger than my bottom but this was perfect	 however the red is more of a true red than a burgundy thats pictured	review_date"
"Being from amazon I was expecting poor quality for the price.  But once I put it on I was impressed. It fits nice and tight	 I was told in other reviews to order smaller than normal	 and I agree. I am short (5'1) and got a size small and i have big boobs and it fit me perfectly in all the right places. The only problem I had with it is that there is no support for your boobs	 so mine sag. It still looks really hot though. I just wish I had cleavage in it. 10/ 10 would recommend.	review_date"
"Poor quality fabric.  I bought this for my girlfriend and at first it was nice.  However after the first wash (on delicate) the fabric started to separate.	review_date"
"Oh my goodness. this is very flattering and you can wear a bra with it if you like. i would have ordered an XS because that is how me likey.. But the size S is perfect ! It is soft	 classy and elegantly seductive. You can wear this to bed or out with a flowy skirt or a jean / trouser.Thanks	review_date"
"Love love love this! Fit like a glove. I bought medium and I am 5鈥?鈥?about 141 pounds. I have loose belly skin from having two kids back to back and this did a wonderful job of hiding the problem area of my lower tummy.	review_date"
"I bought this one for my birthday...my wife looked great in it!!  I'M ONE HAPPY BIRTHDAY BOY!!	review_date"
"I love it! I鈥檓 5鈥? 115 lbs petite with curves (34D bra) and I got a size Small. I just wish it came in XS because my waist is super tiny but the straps are adjustable so it worked okay for me...just a little more room on my waist but not that noticeable. I also have a short torso so I always worry about buying bodysuits online not fitting my body right but this one鈥檚 good thanks to the adjustable straps. Good deal and good quality for the price! Buy it!	review_date"
"Arrived with a tear in it. Overall not bad quality for the price	 I鈥檝e bought similar items from sex shops and they were rough and not comfy. This material is soft and stretchy and will make any girl feel sexy!	review_date"
"It has been quite some time since I鈥檝e written a review	 but I felt this bodysuit was worthy of writing one. I鈥檓 so happy with it! The quality is fantastic! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 147 lbs and my bra size is a 36A...the small fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I had THE HARDEST time finding any one-piece lingerie that I liked	 that fit well \u0026 that was long enough for my torso! This piece was PERFECT! I am 220lbs	 size 14-16 in jeans	 42DDD \u0026 I ordered an XL. It fits like a glove! It helps hide my 鈥減ooch鈥?\u0026 also helps hide back rolls if you have them like I do 馃し馃徑鈥嶁檧锔?Just order it! It鈥檚 awesome.	review_date"
"Bought this based on the reviews and I鈥檓 so glad I did! It鈥檚 really pretty	 good quality for the price and I feel sexy in it...which I think is the most important part.	review_date"
"I was pretty nervous to order this but it鈥檚 super sexy and comfortable! Hide the tummy too! A bit awkward if you have boobs that are really big for your fame but it still fits me well!	review_date"
"Finally a teddy that looks great and covers my large chest without looking silly! I am so pleasantly surprised. The price is great. Thanks!!	review_date"
"I cannot write a positive enough review about this lingerie! It is SOOO comfy! It鈥檚 stretchy and not itchy at all! It鈥檚 also made with awesome material. If you鈥檙e thinking about buying this piece	 DO IT!	review_date"
"This fit and looked better than I expected. (I'm 5'7	 34B and a somewhat athletic build). However	 after washing it (warm/cold) the edges were frayed and coming apart. Still super cute but it probably only has four or five uses left.	review_date"
"Super sexy fits perfectly  also comfortable.. and my husband seen it on me and seriously ripped it of me lol .. I ordered some more	review_date"
"Beautiful	 stretchy	 and soft.  Looks great with a black bra underneath!!  Perfect for a night out... or a night in.  馃槈	review_date"
"I own multiple avidlove pieces of lingerie and I'm never dissappointed. The material is super soft and stretchy/forgiving and the best part is the price and super fast shipping!!!	review_date"
"Love it  very sexy and fits well	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"I sized up in this to an xl out of fear the the large wouldn't be long enough for my long torso. I'm glad I did	 it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I'm  5'8\ and the torso on this bodysuit is way  too short for me. The straps dig into the shoulders. The color is really cute	 and it will do the trick	 but I did not use it for my lingerie photo shoot	 which was the reason I bought it.""	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really great for the price	 the color is a deeper red than pictured	 but still so beautiful. The material is decent but handle with care because it鈥檚 a material that might rip. I got a size medium	 it fits perfect	 although the boob area is kind of shady so prepare to slip a nip possibly	review_date"
"The measurements are inaccurate because this material is very stretchy. I should have gotten the xl and now I'm no longer in the US and unable to return this item. I'm very dissapointed.	review_date"
"Very cute!  I don鈥檛 have a great midsection and it camoflages that area a bit visually so I love this.  My husband loves it too.	review_date"
"After reading all other reviews I decided to purchase this and I am very pleased ! The material is great. It is of great quality. It does however run pretty big. As stated in other reviews. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 175 lbs. I bought a Large and probably could have done a medium. The material is very stretchy and not tight fighting. It鈥檚 easy to get on and off and the adjustable straps are great! I highly recommend !	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\ and 155 lbs. I ordered a medium and the adjustable straps allow it to fit perfectly. The fabric is a bit thin but overall it's a great piece of lingerie for the price!""	review_date"
"Very sexy fit and soft lace. Well made. You can adjust the the straps for a good fit. Runs true to size.	review_date"
"Fit as expected	 and I'm a curvy lady	 so lingerie us hard to find. Super cute	 my hubby will love this Christmas surprise!	review_date"
"Fits really well (5'2	 135lbs	 34DD). Very sexy! Gets really scratchy after you wash it so you've been warned!	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\ 160-170 (fluctuates) and a medium fit. Definitely need to wear panties or bra underneath""	review_date"
"fit as expected and very very cute number. no support at the bust so don't think you will get push up of any kind. Other than that	 cute.	review_date"
"Queda un poco m谩s grande de lo esperado. Pero es perfecto. delicado. Sencillo. Pero muy hermoso. Y el.color tal cual.	review_date"
"Amazing and super cute teddy! It鈥檚 comfortable and good quality. The color is as pictured too. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?145lbs and I ordered a medium. I feel I could of sized down a size	 but a medium still fits great!	review_date"
"Very very nice fit for a big booty girl like myself. My only complaint would be no support for the girls. Overall very pretty and sexy.	review_date"
"It looks so beautiful and sexy!..  I'm 180lbs and ordered It in large. It is very confy and stretchy. I'll buy more in different colors.	review_date"
"This piece is very flattering and is made up of a soft	 light lace material. Not sure how well it鈥檒l hold up after being worn/washed	 but out of the packaging it鈥檚 impressive for the value! I鈥檓 135 lbs	 5鈥?鈥?and 32D and the Small was comfortable and not overly tight or too loose. Definitely would purchase again!	review_date"
"Fits perfect! The straps are adjustable so that made customizing my fit a breeze. The lace isn't itchy from what i can tell from trying it on. I love it. I can't wait to buy again.	review_date"
"It fits fine	 but I could have probably gotten away with one size smaller. It鈥檚 pretty good quality lace for the price	 and pretty soft too. Fianc茅 loved it	review_date"
"Poor quality. Came with holes in it.	review_date"
"Sexy design. Runs small.  I鈥檓 a size 8-10 and the XL fit perfectly. I鈥檓 buting s second one!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and 120 lbs	 I bought a medium	 however	 I wish I would have went for a small because it would have just fit better overall. The fit of the medium is still flattering and I feel very pretty in it. The material is comfortable and I could wear this on a night in or out. I鈥檇 definitely recommend this!	review_date"
"This fit great and was well proportioned. I bought large to account for a DD bra size. 5'2\ and had some extra length but not enough to look too big. Stretchy material and quality was very good.""	review_date"
"Love it...I'm 5\3 143lbs got a size small and fits very well..love how it looks.""	review_date"
"Looks so good on! I ordered a small \u0026 I weigh about 110 boobs are a D! \u0026 it fit perfect!	review_date"
"Even though he didnt make love to me with this on	 he claimed I looked sexy in it. I haven't put it on since but it made be feel gorgeous.	review_date"
"It ripped before i could even wear it. So disappointed	review_date"
"Love love love this body suit! Runs a bit small	 I think. Looks amazing on. Soft	 sexy. Love it!	review_date"
"My wife looks great.  She is a 36dd and fits her great in her normal size.	review_date"
"Sexy yet comfy.... is a perfect combination for me. I like the center strap.  However	 it doesn't do much for lifting your bosom.  The shoulders straps do though!	review_date"
"I bought this piece last minute for a boudoir shoot because my order from a different store never came in. I am 5鈥?2鈥? 130 lbs	 and a 32 DDD	 I ordered a small and it was an amazing fit! As soon as I put it on my confidence was boosted. The material was great and comfortable. And for the women like me that have curves	 it is so flattering especially for the booty.	review_date"
"I ended up returning this item. I wanted something sexy and supportive for underneath a cling dress. This is more for \bedroom\"" fun as it is not functional. Other than that it is a cute bodysuit	 its not the best material but again it would serve well in the bedroom.""	review_date"
"Too low in chest but very short in torso.  Material is like a stiff lycra.	review_date"
"Usually body suits can be too short or too long but this one was perfect! Soft lace material- not itchy. Perfect!	review_date"
"Not only is this teddy sexy but it is also very soft and comfortable to wear. Absolutely love it.	review_date"
"For the price this is a great purchase.  The lace is very comfortable and its a sexy outfit That has many clothing uses.  I bought in two colors.	review_date"
"I love this piece. Super soft lace	 amazing fit	 I'm 5'7\ \u0026 140lbs \u0026 got a medium. Hubby loves it too!""	review_date"
"I have to say how perfect and how beautiful it fit. And it was a nice soft lace.	review_date"
"This piece fits great and it is great quality. I am always weary about buying lingerie online	 but this was a great piece.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually a L and I purchased this in a medium and I鈥檓 glad I did. It鈥檚 very stretchy	 nice quality not cheap and itchy. Looks just as good as my higher priced lingerie. I would say size down because very stretchy.	review_date"
"Glad that I didn't size up and went with the small	 5'3\ 130lbs and it was the perfect fit. It's also a lot nicer than I expected	 it's pretty comfortable to wear.""	review_date"
"I love love love this! It was my first lingerie piece from Amazon and I could not have been more impressed. Looks amazing. It is very soft and comfortable. It stretches a lot so I would personally order a size down if I was to order again.	review_date"
"I love this teddy!  Its so flattering and I feel really sexy in it.	review_date"
"Stretches in all the right places	 \u0026 hugs all the right curves. AND a great price!	review_date"
"I honestly love this. It鈥檚 one of my favorites now. I鈥檓 155	 5鈥?	 bra size DDD 34	 and got a medium. Has great material	 not too thick or too thin!	review_date"
"I'm about 140lbs	 size 6 in pants and M in shirts and it fit perfectly! Absolutely beautiful	review_date"
"The material was very stretchy... my only problem is it is very see through. My nipples are showing and I wanted to wear it as a shirt and not lingerie	review_date"
"For $15	 I am very satisfied! Very cute and true to size. I am usually a size 8	 S/M	 weight about 150 and it fit me perfectly!	review_date"
"Very nice lingerie for the money. It鈥檚 soft and stretchy and makes me feel sexy	review_date"
"Arrived a day late than what was guaranteed by prime shipping	 and upon trying on the first time	 both straps had come off of the leotard itself. But thankfully enough I did just a little quick stitch to attach the straps back on. Other than that	 I LOVE this outfit! It fits very well	 is very comfy	 and made my hubby smile from ear to ear!	review_date"
"Fits the tiniest bit too small.  Very pretty.  Good value.	review_date"
Only lasted 2 days before my man ripped it 
"I have never bought lingerie before so I decided to give this after seeing the reviews	 and I was not disappointed! I am so happy about my purchase. It fits my body snug and makes me feel sexy! I am 5'7 and 113 pounds to give context. I ordered a small and it was perfect. The pink one is beautiful.	review_date"
"Super cute teddy. Its a little larger than expect but the adjustable straps help. I ordered a medium and probably could have ordered a small. The lace is very stretchy and the straps can be adjusted quiet a bit	review_date"
"Super cute and comfortable even though it was small. I would buy another.	review_date"
"Cute but if you have small boobies you'll have a lot of extra material by the underarms	 I returned it for that reason. Otherwise it was super cute.	review_date"
"pretty but straps where too thin and it doesn't even look like the picture.	review_date"
"I love this! I can't wait to buy another one.	review_date"
"Love this!!! Fits well and super sexy!!	review_date"
"Love this! It鈥檚 so sexy and flattering. Also seems like high quality	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"So glad I bought this! It鈥檚 well made and the color is sexy and vibrant. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 135 and the size small fits great. It鈥檚 very flattering! Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Great look	 my husband loves it.  A little difficult to  put on. Soft material.	review_date"
"Item is very cute and fit well. It is poor quality and arrived broken. The straps are all in stitched and cannot be worn.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 look like picture	review_date"
"Lovely..It fits me right and the material is very nice.	review_date"
"Size fits a little bit big but it鈥檚 all good. Because of the adjustable straps you can make it work for sure. Taking out one star because of not the best fabric. Even though it鈥檚 soft	 the quality of the fabric isn鈥檛 the best.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a short person	 and this was short on the torso	 very butt flosslike and not in an attractive way.	review_date"
"I loved the lace but it was huge on me and I'm a small! You have to have large boobs to fill up The breast size on this product!	review_date"
"Gorgeous color	 fit perfectly	review_date"
"High quality and very cute. I am 5鈥?	135	 and 36D and ordered a medium.	review_date"
"Very nice	 done with good material	review_date"
"Great quality and fits well.	review_date"
"it was so big... did not fit me. i am 5'3\	 120 pounds	 32DD""	review_date"
"A little small on the breast area but fits fine overall	review_date"
"I got this fpr v day but I honestly just wanna wear it all the time now. Its surprisingly comfy. It looks wonderful. Would look super good if you happen to be a little more curvy.	review_date"
"Beautiful!!It was really lovely..however I ordered it by mistake so I'll be returning it.	review_date"
"Sexy sexy and very soft	review_date"
"It's not as tight as I hoped it would be in the breast area	 and there was a small hole in it	 but overall it looks very sexy on and it feels very soft. I'm very happy with it!	review_date"
"Product looked wonderful on my girlfriend	 much better than the model! Well worth it. Funny how they don't stay on very long though...	review_date"
"Very cute and soft on skin. True to size and stretchy if needed. No discomfort at all. Pink is more hot pink/  fuchsia but very cute.	review_date"
"Paired it with Jean's and a shrug. Looked great	review_date"
"Looks amazing on my woman	review_date"
"This was a great purchase. Fit perfect and the lace design was very pretty.	review_date"
"My fiance says it is very comfortable. She looks great in it	review_date"
"Boyfriend had no complaints. Just sayin.	review_date"
"This outfit fitted me perfectly for my boyfriend's birthday! It shipped in a fast amount of time and I had no issues putting it on. Very comfortable and as advertised. I will be purchasing some additional pieces in different colors.	review_date"
"Flattering yes	 but after wearing it twice	 the strap broke. Super bummer.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very comfortable. I鈥檇 buy this over any bodysuit from Victoria鈥檚 Secrets. It鈥檚 stretchy and soft and the colors and designs are bold. This could compliment any body type.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and very flattering. True to size	review_date"
"Very attractive product. Good fit and is OK for larger breasts. Good construction.	review_date"
"Very cute but not for normal size girl. Way too small	review_date"
"Nice selection. Easy wear	 looks good. Fabric a little flimsy but good for the price. I would repurchase in other colors.	review_date"
"So sexy I love this!!!	review_date"
"Perfect! Did photos for the hubby and they turned out amazing! So comfortable. So glad it has adjustable straps	review_date"
"I am a size 10	 38D	 155lbs and this fits perfectly! It is so sexy! I have a voluptuous booty and it is super cheeky	 which I love! I wear it under clothes alone!	review_date"
"Cute lingerie	review_date"
"It 馃憥馃憥馃憥馃憥	review_date"
"I like everything about this teddy it's pretty	 fits well and makes me feel sexy.	review_date"
"Fits great for both men and women my girl friend and I enjoyed wearing one !	review_date"
"Yep	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Very sexy. No boob support but it fit great.	review_date"
"Nice color gray	 for the price it鈥檚 sexy and flattering	 can鈥檛 beat it!	review_date"
"Gorgeous material and fit perfectly	review_date"
"I am a small and lingerie can be quite unflattering but this is sexy	 even on me! Perfect fit. True to size. Nice amount is stretch.	review_date"
"I love it I just wish I鈥檇 gotten it slightly smaller	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Cheap material to big on the crouch	 could have been nicer still looks flattering on you though	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfy	 love it!!!	review_date"
"Love it! Looks like the photo	 nice stretchy and soft material! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?170lbs 36C and the large fits nicely.	review_date"
"Nice but didn't fit as well as U wanted it to around the breast area but it's a nice piece	review_date"
"Cute and cheap!	review_date"
"I have a big chest and smaller waist so this fit perfect ... kept the girls in one place	review_date"
"Great productFeels amazing! Wish I ordered a M instead of a L. Quite roomy.	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy! It did arrive with a hole in the side	 but I just kept it. No time to return. Size up.	review_date"
"Very high quality and pretty. Fit exactly. I am very please with this beautiful teddy!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Easy adjustable \u0026 comfy	review_date"
"Loved it and so did Bae	review_date"
"This is beautiful it looks perfect looks expensive	review_date"
"Purchased this one piece teddy for a boudoir shoot. Super comfortable and very sexy.	review_date"
"Loved this but it didn鈥檛 come with the halter 馃槱	review_date"
"Perfect. Material is so soft. Fits as expected. Would definitely buy again.	review_date"
"Fits nicely	review_date"
"Amazing quality and price! I was very pleased with this. Fit was true to size.	review_date"
"It made me feel really cute	 It鈥檚 very comfortable and the material stretches	review_date"
"This is so cute and sexy the material is very very soft	 if you pair a similar color bra under this you can easily wear it out in public	 I鈥檓 5鈥? 220 and a xl size fit just perfectly highly recommend this to anyone looking for something like this	review_date"
"Color was perfect and exactly as pictured. I鈥檓 surprised that it fits really well and the quality is not horrible. There is no boob support though.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"fits like a swimsuit fabric not as high on hips as I'd hope	review_date"
"I love this! It fit exactly as it should have and it was very comfortable. Lace wasnt itchy or uncomfortable at all. Great product.	review_date"
"The quality is not that great... lot of loose threading and piece as a whole seems 鈥渇ragile鈥?..  but it didn鈥檛 cost a whole lot so for it鈥檚 one night purpose	 it鈥檒l do.	review_date"
"Very sexy!!	review_date"
"I would order up a size. Very nice though.	review_date"
"I love it  it feels good on me is so comfortable but the reason I  gave it only 4 stars is because it was rip and that's was sad but I would order it again  I just hope is not rip again  thank you .	review_date"
"Cheap made. Strings hanging out. Will return	review_date"
"Arrived promptly and looked as promised. It鈥檚 a great deal.	review_date"
"Super cute and soft.  Could鈥檝e sized down and I got a large. I am 34B and have large hips and thighs.	review_date"
"Gorgeous!	review_date"
"Nice fit. Will buy again.	review_date"
"LOVE. Fits great- stretchy and extremely comfortable!	review_date"
"algo grande	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on my wife.	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"Bought this teddy in xl and it fit as expected. The material is excellent and looks amazing.	review_date"
"Love it!I鈥檓 5鈥? and 150 poundsSize small fits tight but a size larger would have been baggy I think.	review_date"
"Looked nice but the small was 鈥渘ot small鈥?	review_date:April 26	 2018""	star"
"El tama帽o fue perfecto. Es muy bonito y c贸modo.	review_date"
"I got the black one and it fit perfect! I wear a small top and medium bottom but the small was perfect. The material is so comfortable and it looks great! Doesn't look cheap or low quality. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised with this !  The lace is soft and it was true to size.  I am 150# 	 5'8'' and a 38 DD and the medium fit perfectly.  Great deal for the $$$!	review_date"
"This was a bachelorette party gift but I鈥檇 absolutely recommend it! Fits true to size!	review_date"
"Wife looked very hot.	review_date"
"Love it!!!! The fabric is actually nice so I don't think it'll tear easily. It's as pictured and looks amazing!	review_date"
"Loved it and it definitely worked	review_date"
"I ordered this in a small and I鈥檓 typically a small in most things but this was entirely too big. I鈥檓 5鈥? 120lbs petit build. It seems like this is made for a curvier body type. Cute though so if that鈥檚 your body type go for it.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Gorgeous! So excited to get it in. Makes me feel sexy and confident!	review_date"
"I was a bit apprehensive because I鈥檓 very curvy with a small waste. I normally wear a 14-16 and the xl fits perfectly. I had to adjust the straps to fit my upper body. Also hubby loves it!	review_date"
"I think this little number is very sexy and a good price. It's a simple piece but it was loved. I'm 156 lbs and I ordered a medium. It fit great. Snaps at the bottom would have been great.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?125 lbs and the small fit perfectly.  Very flattering!  Fabric is good quality - not itchy.  Lots of compliments from my boyfriend.  You can鈥檛 beat the value!!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Great price and good quality. I鈥檇 order another!	review_date"
"I want this in all the colors they have! Lol great buy	 runs slightly large I ordered a M in Grey	review_date"
"Got in fine thought it was a brighter red	review_date"
"This is a tad small so size one size up but it鈥檚 gorgeous!	review_date"
"It fits perfectly and I absolutely love it	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 know what I expected but not this. I still like it though.	review_date"
"This piece is absolutely beautiful! The lace detail is so pretty	 and it's not scratchy at all. Straps are adjustable	 which is nice. Overall I love it.  Great purchase	 I will probably be ordering more colors! :)	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? with a long torso and the large fits well. This is an awesome piece for the price	 I鈥檓 happy with it. The adjustable straps make it even better	review_date"
"Super cute!!	review_date"
"It was extremely flattering and sexy. He loved it says it is the best lingerie that I have.	review_date"
"Sexy 	 sexy 	 sexy!	review_date"
"Beautiful but little big ...	review_date"
"Fit is a little awkward but cute color	review_date"
"Love this!!! It鈥檚 so sexy and flattering. Hides my mom pooch. My boobs are deflated though after having 3 kids so I wear a push up under it and it works great. I am 138lbs and 5鈥?鈥?And got the medium.	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"Super sexy and stretchy. It's so cute	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Liked it a lot and fit as expected. The back strings to your shoulders are adjustable.	review_date"
"聽The material is super soft and it鈥檚 adjustable I鈥檓 180 lbs 5	11 34DD it fits perfect I got a L extremely sexy I wore it to a club setting	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ with a 34B chest and I ordered a small. It fits perfectly. The material is super super soft. The only thing is that I wish it had a button close crotch. Other than that it's perfect.""	review_date"
"Love it...can't wait to wear it	review_date"
"Soo cute looks just like picture. I'm 5'5 and 155lbs and ordered a small after reading other reviews and it fits perfectly ! Has ajustable straps and is comfortable.	review_date"
"Bigger than I expected but beautiful	review_date"
Omg! I love love love!! I鈥檓 5鈥?and 135lb hour glass figure and it fit perfect ( size small)  the straps are adjustable so that really helped too! My husband literally melted when he saw it 
"Super flattering	 doesn't get messed up in the washing machine	 very sexy!	review_date"
"I am a size 12/14 and ordered the xxl. Fits nice and good quality. Great buy.	review_date"
"Amazing quality for the price! Fits well and SO cute!	review_date"
"First time buying a teddy. Super cute on and cannot wait to wear it.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"This fit perfectly	 it was exactly how I expected it	 and it was actually well sewn as well which is usually hit or miss with these products!	review_date"
"This is a great piece	 I was very impressed!	review_date"
"Always self conscious as a bigger girl buying things like this... But fit and comfort really shine with this one!	review_date"
"Wow! This fits amazing	 wraps my curves	 comfortable	 sexy	 and I鈥檓 in love! I鈥檓 24 years old	 5鈥?0 200lbs	 bra 38C. Does not lift your boobs	 but who cares	 I still love it and makes me look like sexy.	review_date"
"Bought a large	 glad I did! (I'm usually a medium/large) Perfect fit! Very soft	 very sexy! gonna buy more colors for sure!	review_date"
"Fits great and feels good	review_date"
"Loved this	it fit great and the material was not rough at all. Held up great too! I鈥檇 definitely recommend this teddy.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved the style and it fit as I expected (I did Order up a size ). Very cheap quality however. Tore in two places first time I wore It.	review_date"
"Love this!! Cute and well made. Not just for skinny girls	 thick curvy girls too!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Fits very well	 material was great quality	review_date"
"Fit true to size and looks fantastic. I could see this working with multiple body types. For the price the quality is good!	review_date"
"I got a medium and it fits nice but a small would have been perfect.5'1-130lb	review_date"
"The black one fits perfectly but the purple is a little different and it is way small compared to the black one I got. Disappointed in that because they are super cute!	review_date"
Fits great even for a curvy girl. Nice soft fabric
"Absolutely perfect	 totally love this piece! I'm 5'2\	 36DD boobs and usually wear large shirts but medium bottoms. Got the 2XL and it was extremely comfortable and sexy. Can't beat for the price!""	review_date"
"Purchased this for a boudoir photo shoot. So beautiful and the quality is amazing for the price. For reference I am 5鈥? 138 pounds and ordered a small.	review_date"
"love this sexy lil surprise under clothes or night gown!!	review_date"
"Runs big but pretty	review_date"
"love it.	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable	review_date"
"Love the adjustable straps! It鈥檚 very flattering too! I鈥檓 pear shaped so I ordered to fit my hips and the straps made it easy to adjust for my smaller bust. I want one in every color now!	review_date"
"Tears easily cheap material	review_date"
"Super comfortable and totally what I was looking for! This fits perfectly and hugs you in all the right places!	review_date"
"love this for under my clothes or under a night gown	review_date"
"Gf loves it	review_date"
"Went buy the size chart and it fit perfectly true to size	review_date"
"Amazing fit	 amazing piece! Rocked it! Size fit true to what鈥檚 posted.Washed and air dry only to save the material and prevent shrinkage	review_date"
"Item and fit is as described. Looks great on. Since the fabric is so thin	 am a little concerned how long it will hold up.	review_date"
"Wore this for a night out on vacation \u0026 I love	 love	 LOVE it. Super sexy	 but not too revealing. Will def be ordering in more colors!	review_date"
"the material is delicate	 hand-wash	 but super cute and elegant and at a great price!!!	review_date"
"Outfit fit ok	 A little big but the neck part was HUGE and looked so ugly so I just cut it off and it looked fine	review_date"
"Good for the price.  The fit isn't great around the mid section	 but it works.  I wore it with a high-waisted pencil skirt and it looked good.  The material is soft and of good quality.	review_date"
"Great quality. I鈥檓 getting all the colors!!!	review_date"
"Love this outfit so cute!!! The butt area was a little large but I'm making it work. I'm 5'4 134 pounds and got a small wish I would of gotten an extra small tho	review_date"
"The lace is really well made and soft. It doesnt really give any support up top but it is beautiful for the price. I am 5鈥? 160 36D and i bought a medium	review_date"
"Fits great even with a curvy body type. Very soft material. Great deal.	review_date"
"Extremely satisfied! This is a very good quality and fit perfectly!! 5'6 36DD 157lbs size med. Just ordered 2 more colors!	review_date"
"Will never buy lingerie from victoria secret again	 great quality.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"My husband loved this outfit when he saw it on leave. Deff a favorite of ours!!	review_date"
"Material is great quality	 you can鈥檛 beat the price. But I was almost swimming in the medium	 and definitely need a small. 5鈥? 157.	review_date"
"Great quality for the price. Very pretty. Its has a lot of stretch to it. I should have ordered one size down.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"my fianc茅 loves it.	review_date"
"No clue what to expect from this but	 Freakin impressed with the quality!! Super comfy and stretchy.	review_date"
"So cute	 very flattering. Amazing quality for the price.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable. Creates a beautiful hourglass figure	 even for girls straight up and down like myself. Could also be worn with jeans and a jacket.	review_date"
"Based on the reviews I decide to go with a large one but a M would be perfect	 anyways looks nice! Good material and price is great! Cheap and cuteHusband love it!	review_date"
"I was worried initially about how this would fit. I鈥檓 a size medium but I am tall so I ordered a large and it鈥檚 perfect. Sexy and cute. 馃槉	review_date"
"Stunning and I absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Beautiful!  Runs true to size.	review_date"
"good quality. fits fine. nothing special	review_date"
"Loved the design and was true to size \u0026 very flattering	 BUT it didnt have a snap in the front.	review_date"
"Already had a hole in it but didn鈥檛 notice until I took these off :(. It鈥檚 really cute and fits great though	review_date"
"Too thin.  Picture is deceiving.	review_date"
"The lace is super soft but very sheer so if used in public then get stuff for underneath!	review_date"
"I loved it it definitely flatters my body my husband loved it as well i ordered a small and im 5'1 and weigh 137lbs the matirial is sofft and stretchy so i loved that	review_date"
"Like how it covers my cesarean scar	review_date"
"I got it in the mail right before I had to gift it and there was a bright pink weird smudge on it and it was white. Not happy.	review_date"
"BEAUTIFUL! Doesn't look cheap at all	 made of super soft lace	 super pretty and hugs my curves in aaaaaall the right places.	review_date"
"I love it! Material is as advertised	 size fit me well. Thank you 馃槏	review_date"
"Looks great! I鈥檓 a bit curvy and this sit just right on the hips and rear end without bunching or pinching. No support in the bust however.	review_date"
"fits Well but no chest support. I am a 34D and a size small so sizing up would not have solved this. Fits well otherwise.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 weigh 155lbs	 and a size 32DD	 this fits me so well	 only problem is it was snagged whenever I first opened it	review_date"
"Beautiful yet did not fit. It is more true to size	review_date"
"I was hesitant	 but really this would look good on anyone. it is more than worth the gamble	review_date"
"This was too big and was broke when i got it	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit I would recommend. Very light material also no itching	review_date"
"Very sexy fits nice good material love it bought 3 more in diffrent colors	review_date"
"Its a great buy. Fits just right	review_date"
"Very comfy \u0026 sexy...  fabric had a small whole but still great.	review_date"
"Very surprised this fit as well as it did	 I am 5 ft 2	 115lbs  B cup and this literally fit me perfect and the materially is stretchy so it works for everyone!	review_date"
"Came on time (actually earlier)and looks just like the photo....love it!	review_date"
"Love it!! Very happy with this purchase!	review_date"
"fit great	 comfortable	 and beautiful.	review_date"
"Wifey looks AMAZING in this !	review_date"
"Beautiful color and material. Fit like a charm! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 160 lbs and was comfortable and flattered in a size Medium.	review_date"
"The size is ok	 but the color...it came in violet. Looks cheap. I ordered purple the same as in the picture. Don't like it at all..	review_date"
"Fits like a glove and great material!	review_date"
"Doesnt fit my torso.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"I'm 172 lbs 36DD and got an XL that was a bit large on the back but a little sewing did the trick and is PERFECT!!	review_date"
"Sexy for a night cap! I got a ex-large and it fit perfect! My man loved it	review_date"
"Super cute! Bought one	 loved it	 bought another! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and it鈥檚 long enough 馃憣	review_date"
"Bout this for my girl and trust me when I say she love it plus me lol. I could wait to take it off	review_date"
"Not as explained	review_date"
"Comfortable and looks great on a gal like me that has curvy hips	review_date"
"Turned up the heat in my bedroom...lol	review_date"
"Seriously best quality for the price. Must buy.	review_date"
"Love it great buy	review_date"
"Lv it fits perfectly amazing.	review_date"
"Love!! Soft and fits perfectly!!	review_date"
"Es demasiado grande y por si fuera poco vino da帽ado una parte del encaje en la cintura	review_date"
"fit well. very nice	review_date"
"It is very soft fabric and it is super cute. Sadly not good for girls with big breasts.	review_date"
"Very comfortable!	review_date"
"Was not like I expected..didnt fit too well at all	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Great quality	 and very very cute!	review_date"
"Love it fit me perfectly . Although I can see my nipples through this . But I rate 5 cause it鈥檚 exactly what I expected	review_date"
"Great fit n Luv it!!	review_date"
"I love this perfect fit true to size I cannot wait surprise him	review_date"
"It fit her like a glove! Perfect!	review_date"
"Very comfortable and cute. It鈥檚 also made out of stretchy material.	review_date"
"Fit well	 I am 5' 9\ and 150. Great quality	 and flattering.""	review_date"
"In love with the teddy.	review_date"
"Love this. So sexy and perfect for the price	review_date"
"My wife i love it.	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"Looked better in photo fit a little awkward	review_date"
"Looks nice on	review_date"
"Love it! Exactly what I wanted	review_date"
"So affordable	 yet soft and decent quality.	review_date"
"Love it! I鈥檓 5鈥? and have a 38ddd chest	 large fit great!	review_date"
"Fit well but if the sizing is for plus sized it needs more fabric to help cover the tummy	review_date"
"So soft! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 180 lbs and a large fits perfect!	review_date"
"LOVED IT! Will order more in the future.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits perfectly makes my butt look really good.	review_date"
"Worst thing to buy	 the lace is not strong can hold anything	 waste	review_date"
"They look great and are very comfortable but they are pretty see through!	review_date"
"Fits wonderfully	 comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"My husband couldnt keep his hands off of me! I love this.	review_date"
"Love how it fit	 just when I got it the straps were broken already	review_date"
"fit like a glove and im plus size	review_date"
"It was a great purchase! Nice material	 comfortable but sexy.	review_date"
"Great product !!180 lbs 5.5ft large fits perfectly	review_date"
"Love it! So Cute	review_date"
"Muy lindo	review_date"
"The fit was perfect and product was as described	review_date"
"Very sexy	 but also very classy. And It fit great!	review_date"
"Gorgeous and fits according to size chart	review_date"
"Beautiful on!!	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Looks good but a little large.	review_date"
"Not a good fitMaterial not the best quality	review_date"
"Love it. Fits great	review_date"
"Me and my husband love this lingerie. It is very smooth.	review_date"
"Worth the price	review_date"
"Great for price and on time	review_date"
"He liked seeing me in it.	review_date"
"Flattering	sexy comfortable.	review_date"
"Wow.	review_date"
"Great quality teddy. Very soft and comfortable to wear!	review_date"
"Me quedo bien	 ped铆 m茅dium y me qued贸	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks great. Good price.	review_date"
"Fit as expected very nice	review_date"
"Lots of fun	review_date"
"I loved the color and it fitted me perfectly	review_date"
"Great fit.  The color  is so vibrant.	review_date"
"Muy bonito sexi y delicado	review_date"
"Really good quality! It's so pretty on.	review_date"
"Cutie	review_date"
"Terrible quality.	review_date"
"By far my favorite! Fits in all the right spots.	review_date"
"I like this piece and I'm glad I got the large. I could have gone with the medium or maybe even small around	 but I am tall so I'm glad I have a little more length. That is my only minor complaint	 is that it can really wedge in the butt since it is such a narrow stretch of fabric on the butt. But even with it being looser around	 it is still really flattering and sexy so don't worry about needing it to be skin tight.	review_date"
"Yes this was the best gift my wife loved it.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"In love with this piece!!	review_date"
"Looks cute !	review_date"
"I鈥檓 4鈥?1 and 160lbs with DD. I got a size large and it fit well. Probably would of been able to get a medium but I鈥檓 sure it鈥檒l probably shrink after washing. You can wear it without a bra if you鈥檙e comfortable and the straps are adjustable so that helps. I would buy it again.	review_date"
"I like the material	 feels soft and thick	 something that will stand machine washing with ease. However	 the fit is large	 and quite modest  I would say it provides more coverage than a swimming suit	 which is unusual for lingerie.	review_date"
"A green teddy is hard to find elsewhere	 I cannot use black anything because it is not color-fast and because of that	 it stains the doll and the silicone as parts	 of a warning some sellers give.It. It is on the inflatable doll  I just ordered in the previous order. It is a matter of fit id the darts on the bra top go within a half an inch either way of a doll's or ladies'.nipples	 As pictured	 the straps cross in the back only but anyone tries to place them there can to make it look right.	review_date"
"oh my god i love this little number and the way it fits is very flattering. just bought a few more colors!!	review_date"
"This is so comfy!! The lace is very nice and fits very well.. I am 5'3 165 pounds.if you are co templating... buy it. It's very flattering!	review_date"
"Loved this bodysuit! I paired it with striped red and black pants and red heels for my birthday! The straps are adjustable as well i just wish they had cups or even a little bit of wire for those of us who are a little bit more busty.	review_date"
"I like that this comes with adjustable straps. It is completely see through	 yet elegant. It is comfortable. The magenta color is pretty.	review_date"
"No support for large chested girls.	review_date"
"VERY PRETTY IN WHITE	review_date"
"I love my body suit it fit perfectly.  Everytime I order form Amazon I get my order fast an it's great quality.	review_date"
"Too large I need to exchange it	review_date"
"Nice and fit well	review_date"
"Fit really well and made figure look great!	review_date"
"I am 5'10 with a longer torso. This was way too small. Very cute though	review_date"
"love the fabric. I got an x-large worried that the top would be too big to hold my breast but it actually fits nice and looks sexy like on the model.	review_date"
"Its perfect! I bought for a boudoir shoot and it lools jist like the picture. Great material and not itchy. I'm 130 pounds and 5'1\ and order a medium.""	review_date"
"The sizes and measurements provided were completely off	review_date"
"I like it a lot when my wife wears it	 lol. It is a little small though	 but I still like it!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so stretchy so I was really happy that a medium fit me. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 150 lbs. it鈥檚 very sexy and elegant at the same time. I wouldn鈥檛 recommend wearing this in public if you have pale skin like myself since it is is lace after all and the nipple can be seen. The straps are adjustable. This bodysuit hugger all the right places and makes me feel so much more confident when I鈥檓 around my boyfriend since my stomach isn鈥檛 as obvious in this item. My boyfriend loves it too and think it鈥檚 very sexy. For such a low price	 it鈥檚 worth it. Def going to get more!!	review_date"
"	review_date"
"This product is fantastic!Looks good on bigger	 curvier girls. Personally I am a 38DDD and I got the XXL	 when straps are adjusted it holds firmly and fits without any gaping.	review_date"
"After searching through all the sizes and all the colours	 NONE OF THEM COSTED 1.99	 what a ploy to get you to click on it. MISLEADING!!!!	review_date"
"I love it super cute fits just right I'm 5'2 115 got a small usually wear size 3-5 really got here super fast!	review_date"
"Absolutely amazing! First time ordering something like this and I am so pleased. I am 5鈥?	 approx 150lbs	 and ordered a large. Love it. Great fit. Awesome price. Would recommend to everyone.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy! Just don't tie around neck too tight	 it gets snug and rides up in the front a little. I'm 5'1 and 115 lbs	 I ordered a small.	review_date"
"This teddy exceeded my expectations so much that I just placed an order for another one. A while ago I purchased some lingerie from Amazon and the sizes were Asin and did not fit. So... I ordered this black teddy a size larger (XL... just in case) and it is too big. I will exchange that one. I am 5'5\	 157 pounds and wear a 38C. I'm approximately a size 12 and sometimes a 10 depending on brand. Just tidbits to help the next purchaser with sizing! The order I placed today is for a size L.This material is soft and luxurious! It is not stiff and scratchy. I'm hooked and will be back for more! The best thing is that I felt really sexy and my guy told me several times how sexy I looked... that was the plan! 馃槈 Can't wait to see his reaction when I'm wearing the red one!""	review_date"
"Ordered a medium	 I am 5'7 140lbs and 36C. It sits higher so seems alittle small in the front	 back fits nice. And it ties around the neck.	review_date"
"Love it super comfy and cute	review_date"
"Very delicate and pretty. Fits well - I am 5'5\ and 135 lbs and I got a small.""	review_date"
"This fits perfect! I bought the XL	 I am 5鈥?鈥?and am 185 pounds. I wear Lg so you do need a size up from your normal size. The whole size thing always worries me even with reviews as they usually don鈥檛 say what size they bought. The tie around the neck helps to get the length you need in all the right areas. It looks great on! It is soft to the touch and feels nice on. I just purchased this in white also!	review_date"
"This was way too big and I followed the size chart. I'm 5'5\ and 129lbs	 34B chest. I ordered a medium. Could have used a small or even an extra small. It was lose and not fitted at all up top. I loved all the customer images but it did not fit me the way it fit those girls. Maybe my torso is too short and my boobs too small.""	review_date"
"Love it and she loved it! Looks great fits great	 she had no complaints other than why hasn鈥檛 she gotten one sooner	 my fault. Guys you won鈥檛 regret it!	review_date"
"I was very surprised by this	 in a good way! I was a little hesitant to order it due to the low price tag and unsure of how it would fit. I figured it would be scratchy and uncomfortable but it was neither of those. It is soft	 sexy and very comfortable. The fit was great too. I bought this in the red color in a size small and am 5'5\ 125 lbs 32B. It fit perfect! The strap around the neck allow you to customize the fit a little bit which was nice. The only negative I would say about this is the material does move in the chest area so it was hard to keep the girls in with any type of movement or bending over (and I am by no means well endowed in that area). It's not a big deal as you are likely wearing this for someone and I imagine that person would be more than happy to see something pop out anyway "
"This is the most daring as I get with my lingerie. This item looked exactly as I expected it to	 there were disappointments or surprises	 just satisfaction. The lingerie is as it appears in the picture. The material is very soft and does not irritate my skin and is comfortable to wear. There is some stretch to it as well. The back was a bit of a problem for me	 but it's not a deal breaker. I think it's more of an issue with height than anything (I'm 4'11) it's not the items fault	 it's genetics fault for making me so tiny! I think it's something I can easily fix to fit me just a tad better. I think it's a very pretty	 feminine and a daring. It's not over the top. It's sexy and playful. I think it would be flattering on most body types. I'm pleased with my purchase.My stats	 for those who are unsure if this item would be right for them4'11116 lbsHips: 37 inchesBust: 36 inchesCup size: CI hope this helps people make a good choice.	review_date"
"It's cute! Not the best for busty ladies though. I'm 5'8	 150lbs	 and a 36ddd and it fit great everywhere but the boobs	review_date"
"The material is super soft and comfy	 but was too small. I鈥檓 5鈥? 160lbs 34C and I ordered a medium (my normal size)	 and my boobs were popping out of it	 as well as my lady business! I am debating on returning or exchanging it for a large. I bought a different teddy in a medium and absolutely love it. Maybe my torso is too long for this one.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?145#	 usually a size small or 4/6	 but have boobs and a booty so I ordered a medium and it fits great! A little more see through than the pic	 but hey it鈥檚 lingerie so that鈥檚 not a problem 馃榿	review_date"
"I love it. I also purchased others that HE loves more :). I'm like a big 12-14 in pants and ordered an XL. Sexy enough and still fits well.	review_date"
"I give this 3.5 stars only because the top and back was perfect but the front crotch area was lacking material. When I first put it on I felt good then after it settled I was embarrassed and wanted to take it off. I will be modifying this if I want to wear it again. My boyfriend liked it but he did agree it would be better with more material in crotch region. At least it was soft and easy to take off. I would recommend to people with completely flat stomachs and smaller boobs. I'm 5'4\ thick tighs	 butt	 nearly D cup breast	 and a small tummy pooch. Looks better for a girl who is 5'3\""	 B cup	 flat stomach	 and smaller butt.""	review_date"
"This lingerie is sooo soft and comfortable! I am 5'7 140 lbs and I ordered a medium. It was a little long so I had to re-sew the bottom/crotch area so it wouldn't ride up and become super loose. Other than the sizing	 it was an excellent choice and it makes me feel very good to wear it.	review_date"
"It fits well	 but It plunges WAY more than I was expecting. I thought it would go to like a little below my belly button	 but it reaches almost below my swimsuit bottoms line. The tie at the top helps to adjust as needed	 so that made it a little better. I might have to sew a little bit at the bottom to make the plunge a little less deep. Otherwise I feel like it verges on a luchadore wrestler outfit LOL If you're looking for lingerie	 I've gotten better pieces on Amazon than this one.	review_date"
"Okay. Huge problem. I first had ordered this just a size too small. But it looked WONDERFUL on me. But I wanted a size up. Here I am	 receiving my size up and my body suit was not packaged as the first one and this one is WET. The sealing is obviously WET. So a customer must have returned this I'm assuming after use and washed it and the company poorly checked the packaging and I have now received it... still wet!!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 hella cute	 and it wears like I spent  less than $20 freakin鈥?dollars on gd cute af teddy. It ushered me through some busy af nights at the club I dance at and then some. What more could a gurl ask for!? The only thing that could make this worth more is if it came with a slice of pizza for post shift	 but let鈥檚 be real	 no one is perfect.	review_date"
"don't buy if you have a long torso unless you want a permant wedgie in both the front and the back. the lace also lost integrity after one wash	 I recommend hand washing if you do get it. its not form fitting either	 from the largest part of your butt to your shoulders theres a gab	 same with the front	 and if youre skinny it looks weird with all the extra space. im 5'10 155lbs 34B and pant size 6 for reference	review_date"
"Considering this was only $11.88	 I was pleasantly surprised.The teddy was flattering to my stomach	 but offers no bust support.I bought a small	 and it fit well	 thought I did feel like it was not long enough (what little height I do have is in my waist - I'm 4'11\ and 123 pounds)	 so I felt like it was creating a major wedgie situation for me. I wouldn't consider this comfortable enough to sleep in	 but it was nice for an anniversary evening with my husband.""	review_date"
"This is the husband	 I highly recommend.  Very sexy	 classy.  My wife surprised me on Valentine's day.  If you are not sure if he'd like it	 just do it!  It's elastic enough to fit most body types.	review_date"
"My wife says its way too small for her.  I read the other reviews	 and they said that a women my wife's size	 it should fit just fine	 in a medium.They do run small	 so if in doubt	 order the next size up	 and you probably will be happier!!  Quality is not the best	 but for the price	 its not that bad.!	review_date"
"This is the first 鈥渙ne piece/teddy鈥?I have ever bought and worn! I thought it ran a little on the small side but please keep in mind I am 5鈥?	 150 lb	 32 C .. but I have a long torso so I did expect it to ride up a little bit. I鈥檓 contemplating on purchasing another one in the next size up. The reason I鈥檓 giving 4 stars is I think the lace material isn鈥檛 the greatest quality	 was extremely cautious when washed!	review_date"
"XL crazy flattering to this size 14	 40DD	 mom-bellied girl. Tried on a whole LOAD of similar items and this and only one other one (Unilove Sexy Lace Lingerie For Women Bodysuit One Piece Teddy Babydoll Lingerie	 XL) were the only ones that one that looked good on me. Highly recommended for curvy gals.	review_date"
"Perfect! Cuts right below my bellybutton. I鈥檝e had 3 children and it hides my problem area. Makes me feel super hot in this little number. I鈥檓 4鈥?1	 115lbs	 ordered a small! Purchased for my Halloween costume.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty attractive but difficult to keep that way. Because the fabric stretches from your crotch and around your shoulders	 and there isn鈥檛 anything in place to keep the lower part in place	 it rides up in front like crazy. However	 the product isn鈥檛 too small... any loser and it would fall off.That being said	 it鈥檚 a pretty cheap way to impress your significant other.I鈥檓 a 36D and got medium. If your boobs are bigger	 it will leave a strange gap all the way from your boob to your hip.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?- 127lbs - ~34B	28	36 (guessing on waist) - size small fit great! The tie also allows some leeway depending on your breast size. I felt amazing in it and I鈥檓 7 months PP! Hubby hates ones that hide my figure	 this shows your curves	 and well! Not sure why I鈥檝e been spending an arm and a leg at VS! This is my fav yet and for cheap.	review_date"
"I love how sexy the plunging neckline makes me feel and appreciate being able to adjust the ties around my neck. I'm about 5'10\ with a looooong torso and this lingerie doesn't give me the dreaded wedgie. I had to remove one star because there is a tiny bit of fraying threads and a little bagginess in the crotchal region that I will have to tailor.""	review_date"
"Received quickly and was packaged well.  This is very pretty	 very soft and comfortable although it seemed to be just a tad bit bigger than expected	 it also seemed to stretch out after I had it on for a few minutes.  I kept it because I still thought it was really pretty.  Satisfied with the purchase and may order another one a size smaller in a different color.	review_date"
"I wanted to like this SO bad. The deep V looks great in the photo along with the backside. However	 when I put it on	 there was no V	 there was no space in between the two sides of fabric. It felt like I was wearing a full lace shirt that didn't cover my butt....  Purchased a small as a 34DD	 130lbs 5'7\ person	 returned due to lack of flattering	 but 3 stars because if XS had been available to buy	 I would have exchanged. However	 it only goes to Small.""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?0 and have trouble finding something like this that is long enough in the torso. This product is great! The material is soft (not hard of itchy) and  comfortable. I washed it on delicate cycle	 and it survived	 but I would say that a regular wash cycle may damage it. Also	 I wouldn鈥檛 put in the dryer"
"I'm a b cup and wear size 14 pants and 8 underwear and xl was perfect	review_date"
"I have a small torso	 I'm only 5 ft tall. This was way too short	 it rides up in all the wrong places. (if you know what I mean) The straps do tie (making it somewhat adjustable)	 but it doesn't make up the face that the items overall length is too short for a normal or even a smaller body. I cant even wear this	 it was a waste of money. I would not recommend.	review_date"
"Should have gotten my normal size ......my fault.....this is so sexy and beautiful its unreal....i dont feel as if im wearing a halloween costume very nice material made very well! Order your right size!!! Your man will love it! You will love it and feel so beautiful in it. The crotch area kinda small but i think it makes it more sexy!!!! I love it! You will too.	review_date"
"so comfortable. I got it to do a boudoir shoot for my husband. Looks great in the photos!	review_date"
"Great price is exactly as described I would say it's a little large if you have a shorter torso like myself I'm 4'11 so because of that I possibly could of done a M instead of a L but I needed it for that weekend so I kept it but I loved it hubby loved it super comfy and sexy and true to colo	 I got the red!	review_date"
"This is so cute	 the fabric is soft and it has lots of stretch so it doesn't pull uncomfortably anywhere .. my only issue (and its barely one at all) is that for longer wear it can get a little itchy since the light \u0026 stretchy fabric can ride up pretty easily .. but most people probably aren't going to wear this under their clothes all day like I did lol	review_date"
"OK so this is really pretty exactly as the picture shows the unfortunate thing is the size chart I thought that buying a extra large would be a good fit for me considering I am curvy and it is an Asian size chart it is literally so big it falls off of me and I鈥檓 usually a size large	review_date"
This is the 2nd one I bought! I got the white one for my BFF鈥檚 bridal shower. It was soo cute I HAD to grab the red one for myself. I love it! And so does my man! 
"Very cute	 I am 5 4 and 117 pounds and wear a 34D bra	 and the small is a bit tight on my chest. I would order a size up if you are large chested.	review_date"
"My boyfriend couldn't even form a coherent thought when I walked out wearing this. I am 5'9\	 approximately 140 pounds and the medium fit nicely. For the price	 I don't think you can go wrong. The v plunge in the front seems to be more \""extreme\"" than the pictures but for me	 I think it added to the piece. Very happy with this purchase.""	review_date"
"聽I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?140 lbs and have small boobs and ordered a medium and I would honestly exchange it for a small. The adjustable neckline makes it super versatile size wise so base it much more on your boob/width rather than ur height. Very soft and can kind of see nipple but not super obvious.	review_date"
"Made from cheaper material	 which was kind of expected due to the price. Fit well and as expected other than in the breast area	 the material wouldn't stay in place. Would recommend getting some 2sided tape to hold in place. For the price it's a good buy.	review_date"
"I love the color (I got wine) but it wasn鈥檛 as wine colored as I was expecting. Fit was good	 I went a size up because I saw that some had said it was smaller	 it was also a little long in the torso so it sits low	 otherwise it鈥檚 gorgeous and my fianc茅 also loves it and you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"I love this! This style is very flattering and super comfortable and soft.. I got this in red and the red color is gorgeous. For the price you can鈥檛 beat the softness and quality of this	 you can鈥檛 complain much for an adorable piece of lingerie for like $14 it really is awesome. I sized up because I also have a long torso and didn鈥檛 know if it ran super small and tight.. the lace is more soft and stretchy than I expected so it was  little big on me but still wearable and adorable! I鈥檇 say the fit is true to size. next time I鈥檒l just get my regular size- I鈥檒l definitely reorder in different colors!	review_date"
"The quality of this bodysuit was good. It was delivered earlier than expected (which was nice) and also fit very well. However	 the crotch area is very long and narrow.... causing it to ride up and not look quite right. It looks okay once you first put it on but after you take a few steps it is all up in the wrong areas.	review_date"
"I did not have very high expectations for this item especially at such a reasonable price.  I was more accustom to the prices from VS.The quality is excellent and the fit perfect!I was stunned at how beautiful my wife looked in it: like a goddess.  It seems to have become one of her favorites too.  She has hinted she would like another is black or something similar.By the way	 my wife is not a curvy woman like shown in the product info	 she is small but well built and stays fit.	review_date"
"The lingerie is off center. The seam at the crotch doesnt line up with the plunging part and looks ridiculous. Also the part that goes over the breast is not wanting to stay on the breast.	review_date"
"Gents	 buy it as a surprise gift	 have your wife put it on	 and everything in the world will be right.  Ladies	 if they don't buy it for you	 be nice and surprise your guy (like my wife did for me)	 put it on	 and everything in the world will be right.	review_date"
"Wow!  I LOVE this lingerie and so does my husband!  It is incredibly soft and comfortable!  I struggle to find pieces that will cover my large breasts (DDD)	 and this does a wonderful job.  Makes my bust line look AWESOME!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 pounds 36B cup. I ordered the medium. Fits as expected. Little small in the crotch area though but not to bad. I thought the neck part was going to be Morenas like the display photo and have a hook knot slip. But it鈥檚 two string you tie which I enjoy more so I can tie it exactly to the spot I need it to be to fit right. Definitely a good length though and makes the booty look perfect 馃憣馃徏馃枻 would recommend and buy again	review_date"
"The top was a BIT too big	 bottoms fit great... only issue for me was that it wasn't long enough (I'm 5'3 with a short torso..?) So that caused... umm. A bit of discomfort... LOLOther than that it's gorgeous! Quality is what you pay for.	review_date"
"So impressed! Went off reviews and ordered a size up	 Im 5'8\ 139/140 lbs. and ordered a large. So cute. Lace is soft and higher quality. You cannot go wrong for $12	 even if you only wear once! Love the cheeky type panty area	 very flattering. Get this!""	review_date"
"I wore this for a bordouir shoot and the photos came out awesome wearing this outfit. Only drawback was that I had  cameltoe in tying these tight enough to hold my boobs. I still highly recommend	review_date"
"I am short about 126 lbs and wear a 36D cup. This style doesn鈥檛 cover much which is the point but the I wish that the halter top was a bit wider to leave a bit more to the imagination. Otherwise	 a very sexy outfit for bedtime.	review_date"
"So I opened up the package and went to try it on and the string to try it around your neck broke off in my hand! I was soooo excited about this product when I read all the reviews. Seems they need to make a better quality product. Not sure how it fit as I never did get it on.	review_date"
"This is absolutely stunning. It made me feel like a million bucks.....I am a curvy	 fuller figure girl..I am 5'5\ and 170lbs.....this made me feel like a mode...I can't explain how well made and flattering it is! It's worth the money!""	review_date"
"I ordered this in both black and wine	 both in xl I measure more to a 2xl but I鈥檓 working on losing so I ordered smaller on both. Plus I鈥檇 rather have them slightly tighter for more support	  so after receiving them	 the wine was seriously big for me	 and the Black was about 3 sizes to small. The tags both say xl. But when later on top of each other there is a 3 inch difference in fabric. I ordered multiple pieces of this material as a comparison on sizing. Neither of the black nor wine are accurately sized.	review_date"
"I was a little self conscious in it at first	 but after my boyfriend saw it and he obviously loved it and thought it was sexy I was able to relax a little more and feel sexy in it myself. It fet perfectly	 and had just enough stretch when putting it on to not feel like it was going to tare. It鈥檚 very soft and comfortable. Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"This item is really sexy! However	 when I got it and tried it on it fit a bit snug although it is still wearable! I don't think I could have gone up a size! The lace seems very delicate but it's lace and a good price!	review_date"
"Very soft lace	 it does have a minor defect in the sewing where the open v neck in the front plunges past where the waist band starts	 it鈥檚 an easy sewing fix though. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?20 and it fits great	review_date"
"I am 5'4 155lb and ordered a large. the product fits great for me. I typically wear a size 8/10 (depending on the store	 AE and Abercrombie run very small). This product arrived on time	 and fit better than expected. However	 if you wear larger than size 10 or have bigger hips and curves you might want a size up. I had to stretch it a bid to fit it over my thighs/butt. the fabric was giving and the straps tie around the neck. Great product over all.	review_date"
"This fits as expected and is super cute on. Looks like the picture	 and the quality is great for the price. I have even washed it on a non-gentle cycle a couple of times and it is holding up great in both size and shape.	review_date"
"This piece wasn鈥檛 a bad piece. Very cute but you have to have a certain body type. It can be kind of unflattering!But it鈥檚 a gorgeous red color and great quality. I didn鈥檛 like it on myself but I would recommend to someone else	review_date"
"So cute	 and surprisingly comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?3鈥?and 110 pounds	 D cup. Ordered the small	 it鈥檚 a little small	 but I think the medium would have been a bit too bit.	review_date"
"It's very soft and comfortable	 but a bit on the large side. I should ordered my regular size	 but relied on the reviews	 which suggested you go up a size. I'm only returning it because it's sightly too big. Other than that	 it's a good buy!	review_date"
"I bought a medium and it fits well	 however my 32DD can easily be uncovered. Considering that's mostly the point	 I'm okay with this. However	 it would be nice if it was designed to not slip off my chest so easily.	review_date"
"The front pieces that come up and tied behind your neck are set further to the side that I expected so sit more on your side and I keep having to reposition them as they don't stay exactly where they should but overall great piece. I'm keeping it.	review_date"
"I highly recommend this product. The red is amazing. It fits great. You're partner will love this as well! I bought a small and I am 120 pounds	 5'5\	 34D. "
"One of my fav pieces of lingerie. The lace is soft and stretchy and perfect for those steamy nights. If you are self conscious of your midsection like I am	 this is perfect. I felt sexy and didn鈥檛 want to take it off. It鈥檚 now my go to sexy piece.	review_date"
"This will not be good for anyone who has large breast that are not perky. No support anywhere. Everything literally just hangs out and not in a sexy way.	review_date"
"Like it a lot	 fits as expected. The only thing I'd mention is that if you have any bit of tummy this will NOT hide it. The plunging neckline ends right under the tummy and above the pelvis	 so it could make you feel a little self conscious if you're worried about that.	review_date"
"Very sexy and surprisingly comfortable. The lace is very soft and not as harsh as panties are. It is really easy to take off and put on	 which is nice especially for your partner.	review_date"
"I knew buying a one size is a gamble. Material feels nice and fits pretty well but I have a larger chest and any movement causes the cloth to move. I鈥檒l still wear it and it was a good deal for the price.	review_date"
"You have to pick between the boob part hiding your waist or this digging up your crotch and butt really badly. And there is a seem so that wouldn鈥檛 end well.	review_date"
"I really like this. It fit as expected	 it's quick and easy to get on (and off) and it's comfortable enough to sleep in. It'd be nice if it had a small strap to keep the halter part in place	 but it's fine.	review_date"
"I ordered off amazon for valentines day because I didn鈥檛 want to spend $50 on a lace bodysuit that costs nothing to produce (like I did from Victoria鈥檚 Secret last year). One of the first things I noticed is how soft the lace is. It fits so flattering and well	 I鈥檓 5鈥? 115 lbs and a 34B and I ordered a small. The fact it鈥檚 a halter/you tie it yourself is so nice because it makes it way more guaranteed it鈥檒l fit. Love it \u0026 cant wait to wear it on valentines !!	review_date"
I am 5'4
"This suit is amazing. My wife loves the feel and the sexiness of the fit. Fit her perfect to size. Color is pretty true to what was shown on amazon.	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks nice and the quality is pretty good. Ordered size small. Comfortable to wear. Great job to folks that provide this product.	review_date"
"Some snags on the material but overall very soft. Will have to return because it鈥檚 too large. I am 5鈥?鈥?- 135ish pounds and a 32b. Maybe 30b. The issue was the bottom part was too big. It flared out at the bottom and flared out in the back.	review_date"
"Sexy just a little big by the stomach and keeps sliding off my chest.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. I went with other peoples reviews. Im normally a size large/XL in clothes and it was perfect fit (size 11 in pants)	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a very stretchy lace but it鈥檚 soft to the touch and comfortable. Fits well too!  I鈥檓 5鈥? and around 116 lbs and bought a small.	review_date"
"I love this piece of lingerie. It is goregeous  and fits great. It hits all the right places and conceals slight love handles.	review_date"
"I bought three lingerie pieces from Amazon and this was the most gorgeous and flattering one. it covers my belly and shows all the good curves.  My boobs are a almost exposed but I got DDs so it was expected. This one is a most buy!	review_date"
"There's nothing to support or pull the fabric just below the chest	 so it won't be showing off any curves. The fabric only touches the widest part of your chest and your then you hips-down	 so the lace in-between is suspended over your waist (instead of pulling in and showing off that curve"
It鈥檚 surprisingly stretchy and it鈥檚 very beautiful
"True to size however this is not good for big boobs.  It did not fit like the picture.  It kept wanting to go to the sides of my boobs and boobs.  With it trying for the sides and me holding it in place as much as I could it just made me look fatter and hid my waist Bc the material was stretched out to the sides.	review_date"
"Material is good quality and comfortable. It did rise a bit higher on the sides than I thought it would	 it came quite a ways above my hip bones. Overall	 I'd bet another one.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 runs small. Normally I wear a 6 with a small chest	 larger butt. Should have gotten a size up. I don鈥檛 have 鈥測oung鈥?boobs and this doesn鈥檛 provide any extra support for the girls. The butt is very flattering	review_date"
"I really like how this one looks in the pictures	 to bad they  made it wrong	 the back part was put it on the front... so go figure.Very sad because the fabric was good very soft	 this was the only defect and very important do	review_date"
"I am a bigger gal and I went with a bigger size than I normally wear being that it came from China at least what the package said fit very well and was so comfy and almost slik like lace I actually slept in it ! I would recommend it to anyone looking for affordable and comfortable ! Thanks	review_date"
My wife surprised me with his after her boob job
"I usually wear small so that鈥檚 what I bought. Should have gotten the medium. Really tight in the busy area and I鈥檓 only a 34c... so not a large cup. Everywhere else fits nicely	review_date"
"I ordered it for a special occasion	 it felt great in the skin. Reasonable price	 will be ordering more in the near future.	review_date"
"This is beautiful on	 slightly larger than I was expecting	 but it will do it鈥檚 job for Valentine鈥檚 Day. I think my husband will be pleased.	review_date"
"Very flattering	 got two thumbs up from my partner. Quality isn't great	 but it is a very good value considering the cost.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so pretty and just like the picture! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?weight 128lb and ordered a small. It fit perfectly and it鈥檚 so sexy. Highly recommend it!	review_date"
"Super cute when I鈥檓 just standing there but i have C cup boobs and any time I move too much the sides slide out and my boobs pop out	review_date"
"I love everything about this	 except it will not stay on my boobs. It moves over to the sides 馃檮I鈥檓 5 foot 6	165	 and wear a D cup. I got the large and it鈥檚 soft and really cute but It really annoys me that it doesn鈥檛 stay where it should. Definitely for women with a smaller cup size	review_date"
"I love this!  I can't wait to wear it for my boyfriend as I know he will totally love this!	review_date"
"Obviously one cannot expect this to hold up someone with larger 鈥済irls鈥? but my problem with the fit of this lies in the lower portion. Even with the average length of trunk	 this causes some major camel toe and discomfort. Price is inexpensive	 and pairing with some cheeky undies can fix the problem	 but it kinda defeats the purpose.	review_date"
"I wear a L/XL so I went with the XL. Fits just as pictured! I have a small torso and am 5'1\ and it still fit really well! Husband loves it!""	review_date"
"This is not as described and is awkward looking	review_date"
"Looks better on the model.  I didn鈥檛 like that there is no breast support.  The lace is pretty and maybe will look better on different body type.	review_date"
"When I bought this	 I was clearly an XXL and it fit	 so I think it runs large. It's a decent product. Pretty/sexy	review_date"
"Favorite little piece of lingerie I鈥檝e ever gotten! So soft	 sexy	 looks and fits great!	review_date"
"I was a little unsure of purchasing this	 but couldn't say no to the price. It is an amazing piece. Would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"This outfit is the best thing I鈥檝e bought on amazon. The fabric is light	 delicate	 and lacy. It fits very well and was comfortable. Took it on my honeymoon trip!	review_date"
"I'm a petite girl and it was loose on me. I sewed it a little and now it's cute.	review_date"
"Y'all	 this lingerie is amazing. It's so flattering and at such a great price!	review_date"
"im 5'4 140 lbs and a medium fit very well!. It does leave a weird gap between your boobs and your abdomen which they don't display in the pictures	 and I don't even have big boobs (B-C cup). but very soft and nice quality!	review_date"
"Beautiful on but didn鈥檛 hold up well after Wash. disappointed in that bc me and my husband loved it.	review_date"
"Fits really nice on my wife. Just the boob area is a little big but she doesn't have the biggest boobs	review_date"
"Material is very stretchy and comfortable. My boobs seem to come out a little since it is a bit loose. I鈥檓 5鈥? and a 117 lbs. I don鈥檛 think I鈥檓 too short for the torso because of the way the  underwear fits. My body is rectangular (without curves) but this lingerie makes me look cute. Price is great too.	review_date"
"Customer service is great! It doesn鈥檛 fit me like the picture shows... But I鈥檓 very impressed with the feel of it and it鈥檚 very comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"I was a bit surprised as to how short this was in the torso. I'm 5'5\	 140 lbs and the medium was way too uncomfortable"
"This is super cute. Not practical for everyday wear or even a night out but definitely cute as lingerie. My boyfriend also really liked it.	review_date"
"Fits nice	 but has not support for your boobs so they fall out easily!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 117lbs the small fits perfectly and the quality is amazing! Very soft too! Love it	review_date"
"Fits well	 made for the price. Nothing fancy. Picture doesn't show that it actually ties like a bathing suit at the top.	review_date"
"Was totally surprised with how cute this was for such a great price	review_date"
"Really sexy	 my guy really loved it. If your looking to spice of your evening this lingerie will do. I am a 38 d and it didn鈥檛 quite cover my boobs but I didn鈥檛 care.	review_date"
"Fits well and the lace is very soft. Excited to show it off on Valentines day	review_date"
"I love this. It fit as described and is soft as can be. I had hoped it would look as good on me as it does the model in the picture	 but it doesn't. The crotch area is very narrow	 it fits at first but if youre moving around too much in it	 it slips around. Overall	 love the product and will be ordering from the company again.	review_date"
"I like how it ties around your neck and u can make it as tight or loose as u want. 5鈥?鈥?160 ordered a large in purple.	review_date"
"GREAT product. would recommend this to anyone. very comfortable and easy to slip off as needed.	review_date"
"Most horrible!! Way too small on bottom....way way tooo big on top!!	review_date"
"Really depends on your body shape.  Either you have it or you don't.	review_date"
"This piece looks really cute if you get it tied and stand still	 but I found that my boobs just pushed the material too far from my body for it to stay in place no matter how tight I tied it (I'm a 34B for reference). I like the way it looks	 and it's comfortable and stretchy	 just maybe think twice if you have boobs.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy little number and the fabric is so soft	 but very delicate. I would hand wash only .	review_date"
"Cute and seems well made but waaaaay too small.	review_date"
"Now my wife are the same pretty like the girl on image. Photos coming soon:)	review_date"
"Too small but gave to my daughter who loves it	review_date"
"5'1\ 170 I got a M not skinny so it was a little snug on my belly area which is where most of my fat is I was able to adjust the tie strap and breast area which was good Bf loved it I felt sexy without being too self conscious about it.""	review_date"
"I bought this for my anniversary for partner to enjoy ripping off me. He loved it and it looked great!	review_date"
"Wife loves it and looks great! Fits just right	review_date"
"Super cute but instantly got a whole in the top region	 which totally ruined it	review_date"
"Cute. Too small length wise	 rides up the crotch and just feels small. Maybe I have a long torso. I am 5鈥? 150lbs and ordered a medium. If I could return it I would because of the way it fits	review_date"
"So sexy and much better quality than expected	review_date"
"I really love this beautiful piece of lingerie And after reading reviews I ordered one size up. (large....5鈥?鈥?150 34b). It fits but the material between my legs is too small. It鈥檚 not that big of a deal just kinda annoying	review_date"
"The back fit perfect which I was a little worried since I have a large butt but it's not for women with a long torso.. rides up in the front by a lot! I'm not a tall woman I'm 5'5 but I have a long torso and it looks a bit awkward. I'm 145lb and I ordered a medium everything wise fit okay I guess just wish it was longer	review_date"
"Item was not as described. Much higher cut. Should have been more like bootie shorts	 instead more of a thing. Husband loves it though. Large fit a size 12/13. 38/40B	review_date"
"Very soft and cute.  Stretchy so it fits well.  Easy to wash	 comfy to wear.  I'd buy again.	review_date"
"It is gorgeous it looks like something from Victoria鈥檚 Secret it looks so expensive I love it	review_date"
"Love the design true fit	 I can鈥檛 wait to used it	review_date"
"You get what you pay for. Doesn鈥檛  fit great	review_date"
"Well husband approved for our night away from the kids. Super flattering	review_date"
"I wear a 34 D bra and a 4/6 in pants and it was kinda on the small side. I mean I know it鈥檚 a teddy but still fit a bit too small. And I washed it one time and it became fuzzy slightly.	review_date"
"Sexy ordered bigger size fit great. Be careful if not too heavy since it will run loose on top of bigger on bottom	review_date"
"Figure flattering and beautiful	review_date"
"Order a Large	 was too short so I sent back and ordered a XL. I鈥檓 not a big person I鈥檓 5鈥?. This thing rides up in the front so bad it鈥檚 unreal sending this one back too 馃う馃徏鈥嶁檧锔忦煠︷煆尖€嶁檧锔?	review_date:February 15	 2019""	star"
"Bought this as a bridal shower gift for my daughter.  She loves purple.	review_date"
"This is super soft and looks amazing on. I鈥檓 normally a 8/10 and ordered a large. Fots perfect.	review_date"
"I was a bit unsure on the sizing	 I'm a womens 12 in jeans and ordered a Large and it fits perfectly. So sexy and flattering for someone not all that familiar with lacy lingerie. My husband will love it too.	review_date"
"Gave to my petite sister. Not flattering on my tall torso. Giants	 steer clear.	review_date"
"Everything I hoped it would be	review_date"
"I am 5'5 140 and ordered a medium. I definitely could have worn a small. Still fits but a little loose. The front lower area and the crotch goes a lot higher and covers a lot less than advertised. But still cute.	review_date"
"It's cute and it fit everywhere except on the butt. Its loose in parts but that could just be my body shape. Sad because it was very cute.	review_date"
"The fabric was soft and very nice. Fit perfectly and my man loved it! Will purchase in other colors if available.	review_date"
"Crouch is to big you have to pose like the model to get it to fit correctly. Poor material very see through on the breast	review_date"
"It鈥檚 okay. For cheap lingerie you can鈥檛 expect much. I found the crotch area to be too much fabric and it fit to loose.	review_date"
"I guess it鈥檚 what you鈥檇 expect from all lace but pretty sexy once it鈥檚 on.	review_date"
"if you have no body fat this should work	 bought a L and it was like an XS	review_date"
"Great quality for the price.  Fits nice.  Exactly what I wanted	review_date"
"Very nice quality	 the lace is soft and the fit is perfect.	review_date"
"Yes! Cute and seductive	review_date"
"Hot! Different style than normal	review_date"
"Cut is too narrow and seemed not long enough in the torso.	review_date"
"Good price. It does not stay up the best	 but for what you pay for it	 it works very well.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Had it on for literally 5 mins.	review_date"
"So cute. I have a small chest and it accentuates the area :)	review_date"
"fits her like a glove	review_date"
"The crotch isn鈥檛 a wide as in the picture and it fits a little weird but still cute!	review_date"
"Fit as expected	 material is soft and stretchy.	review_date"
"I liked how well it fits	 and my boyfriend really enjoyed coming home to it. Was a terrific buy may buy again in different color!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?with 36DD and size 7 for pants and a bigger toned butt and I ordered the medium. It just rides up a little due to my boobs pulling it so it looks like it鈥檚 high cut around my hips	  but you can adjust the neck ties to lower it so it won鈥檛 give you a camel toe. Overall I liked how it fit I think a large would have been too big.	review_date"
"Super cute but not true to size. I ordered a small-- I'm 5'2\ and I weigh 128lbs. It's pretty loose on the waist.""	review_date"
"Poorly made and not at all true to size	review_date"
"This is the first lingerie piece I鈥檝e felt very good in. It fit me in all the right places	 and covered the parts I鈥檓 not too thrilled about. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh about 130lbs. The only thing I will say is that when I bent over	 my boobs did not stay inside the piece	 so that is my only complaint.	review_date"
"Very cute	 but doesn鈥檛 give much cover up in the crotch area	review_date"
"Really cute	 could be a little longer in the torso	 but I鈥檓 really tall.  Liked how much booty it showed from behind	review_date"
"Ordered wine	 received bright red. The material was pretty picked on top of that. Just overall bummed and disappointed.	review_date"
"Maybe this is better for taller girls	 but I couldn't tie the top in a place that had it look okay. I'm 34 B and it was very slippery over my chest and I couldn't find a way to put it where it would look sexy. Awkward fit.Update: company has now been spamming me with offers to take down my negative review.	review_date"
"Flattering and super sexy. Fit as expected after reading what others said about sizing.	review_date"
"HOT!!! HOT!!!! HOT!!!! My husband was drooling.  SO cute and comfy. :)	review_date"
"Sexy!  Great material!	review_date"
"It's cute and soft but the fit and stitching is a little off. There's random places where there's extra material and then the lower part seems to be done strangely. Husband loved it though either way!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"So pretty and soft! I love this - I am 5鈥?鈥?weight 140. Ordered a medium and it fits great! Doesn鈥檛 feel cheap at all	review_date"
"This teddy is very flattering. Love it very much!!	review_date"
"The lace is soft. It looks classy. My husband likes it	review_date"
"im 5鈥? and was afraid the product wouldn鈥檛 cover enough/work for taller people and it does beautifully. The lace was very soft and I love it. I have hand washed it and some of the trim is starting to fray/unravel already after only two washes.	review_date"
"Super underwhelmed. Not flattering at all. The lace is fuzzy feeling and looks more like a giant diaper bottom.	review_date"
"Thumbs up.	review_date"
"better for curvier bodies in my opinion	review_date"
"Runs xtra small	review_date"
"Sexy	 but need wardrobe tape to keep from fall out of it	review_date"
"Perfect bachelorette gift!  Should have got one for myself!	review_date"
"Just a little small	review_date"
"It鈥檚 soft and feels nice	review_date"
"The red is just beautiful. Just like the picture. Im 5'1 and 115 pounds i got a small and it fits perfect. Worth buying might buy black next thats how satisfied i am with this product.	review_date"
"This product is very soft. I bought the medium in black	 I probably could鈥檝e gone with a small for a tighter fit. This is not made for women with larger chests as my boobs constantly fell out lol	review_date"
"For the price this is actually really cute and nice quality...	review_date"
"Love how soft fabric is	  stretchy for most part... except for band thats near the waist.  If you have an hourglass figure it'll be hard to get over those hips馃槈 returning for next size up.  From small to medium.	review_date"
"Looks good but the  sewing was unraveledStill love it	review_date"
"Very Sexy items	review_date"
"This wouldn鈥檛 be too bad of a product if it didn鈥檛 have a cheap neck tie and give a major wedgie. Wish I didn鈥檛 purchase. Feel like these 5 star reviews are all a lie this product was not at all the way I thought it鈥檇 be	review_date"
"Overall looks good	 does give me a bit of a \front wedgie\"" tho which isn't the most attractive thing in the world.""	review_date"
"This actually fits as expected	 which doesn鈥檛 seem to be the norm!	review_date"
"It ties behind your neck	  which I should have figured. But I was looking for something that didn't have the ties	 and was lace all around. Very soft lace	 I'll keep it and just sew the back of the neck pieces together.	review_date"
"Loved this! Totally comfy and great for the price. The part that goes over the chest area can slide off during movement or laying down but looks great on!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a lot better material than I expected. Dogs great.  Soft. The straps are elastic and soft. I love it.	review_date"
"Wife loves the outfit!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Very pretty and soft. Really like the fit and look.	review_date"
"i wish you couldnt see my belly button but other than that its sexy	review_date"
"I feel the material was very good. It wasn鈥檛 cheap lace. Washed well.	review_date"
"True to size	 medium quality but soft material. Very sexy! Great for the price.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 know what body this is supposed to fit. It is super short. I ordered large and it鈥檚 big around(could鈥檝e done medium) but it鈥檚 about 5 in too short to fit torso properly. I鈥檓 only 5鈥?鈥?	review_date:February 12	 2018""	star"
"Husband approved! 馃槏	review_date"
"Loved the price and quality. Perfect for my boudoir shoot!!!	review_date"
"Love this item. Super sexy and wonderful fit. Love the halter top	 self-adjusting.. makes it a sure fit for most all body types!!	review_date"
"Awesome comfortable and great fitting...Love it!	review_date"
"Awkward small fit	review_date"
"Runs very small. Looks nothing like the pictures.	review_date"
"Very nice outfit. It covers just enough while revealing just enough. It's versatile and can cover or reveal as much as you like depending on how you choose to wear it.I don't know it it will last long. I suspect it will get pulls in the material rather quickly.	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite pieces of lingerie. It fit me perfectly and makes you feel very sexy. Love this and will purchase in every color!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 not made well at all	 these people are just taking your money for some crap that鈥檚 just trash	review_date"
"I expected more about this	 fabric is a bit cheap	 reading reviews I figured a Large would fit me but maybe I shoulda purchased a Medium size.Im a little dissapointed but I will try to sew and make it fit my size.	review_date"
"Very flattering	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty but fits me weird. I didn鈥檛 know it has a tie top like a bathing suit.	review_date"
"Sexy	 soft	 flattering!  I鈥檓 5鈥? so the adjustable halter is perfect.	review_date"
"I was so in love with this halter that I ordered another one	review_date"
"Very cheap material	 with no stretch to it. Size did not fit.	review_date"
"Love this! Husband loves it too!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful and great quality especially for the price! Fits as expected. I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?and 160lbs  I got a large. Probably could have gotten a medium but the large is extremely comfortable.	review_date"
"Product runs true to size. It does have some stretch in it. If you're in between sizes	 go down a size.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?0	 190lbs and ordered an XL. I was nervous because I am tall but	 the sizing was perfect! Very sexy!	review_date"
"I'm a size 18/20 and the 2XL was too small. Returning.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 6鈥?tall and weigh 165 lbs. So finding something of this style long enough and not too baggy is very difficult! However	 even being a little big	 it鈥檚 was perfect!! Very appealing and my husband loved it!!	review_date"
"Got here on time and fits quite well! It is very light and comfortable!	review_date"
"I love it! I feel super sexy in it and it fits great! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?160lb and I got a large. I think my hubby will love it too!	review_date"
"Husband loved it. Fit great . Even better price	review_date"
"Cute but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Super happy with these I bought black	 red and white! I鈥檓 120lbs and 5鈥? and a small fits perfect on me.	review_date"
"Love it fits true to sizeSo flattering and soSexy I will order again 馃槏馃槏鉂わ笍	review_date"
"This definitely caught my husbands attention Valentines night! It fit perfectly!! Material didn鈥檛 rip (as I鈥檝e seen others say) but then again I made sure I ordered one size up from my normal size since it is lingerie.	review_date"
"Loved! I felt sexy and confident in it. Would buy again	review_date"
"Like some of the other reviews say	 this does not fit anything like it looks like in the pictures. It is cut super weird and has a very long crotch section. I returned it.	review_date"
"Needed to order something sexy to be delivered overnight for date night and this one piece was incredible. The fit was perfect	 the quality was not tacky or cheap	 my hubby's jaw dropped when he saw it. I will order from this company again.	review_date"
"So cute	review_date"
"Love it! So sexy and comfortable too. Good quality. Would recommend	 would buy again.	review_date"
"So comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"My boyfriend and I love this! It鈥檚 super sexy and comfortable. I am 145 lbs and 5鈥? I bought a medium and it fits great!	review_date"
"Just like picture	 great product!	review_date"
"This didnt fit at all	 squished all my tummy into one roll in the middle and it looked awful.	review_date"
"Beautiful!! Fits well	 comfortable	 good quality... highly recommend!	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ 150lbs	  pear shaped figure. Fit as expected. I bought the large. Material is a bit stretchy. The fit was snug.""	review_date"
"dont have boobs so it didnt work	review_date"
"I think this! I鈥檓 5鈥? small chested and a bigger booty and order a small and it fit perfectly. It fit all the right places and made me feel very confident when most lingerie I have tried on haven鈥檛. Would definitely buy again	review_date"
"Cheap	review_date"
"Love this! Very soft and stretchy which made it look and feel great. I debated between the small and medium since I鈥檓 5鈥?tall	 135 odd	 34D. I got the M and it fits great!	review_date"
"It fit well but know your body. If your hippy/curvy like me it's going to be slightly shorter than pictured. The material is good for the price. Would buy it again as it definitely did its job.	review_date"
"This cane exactly like the photo shows. Recently married and my husband loves it 馃槤	review_date"
"Sexy AF fits perfect on me	review_date"
"It doesn't have a clasp	 ties like a bikini behind the neck which I don't like. It's also not the best if you have a smaller waist	 it's kind of loose around my waist and makes me look more boxy.  Okay for what you pay.	review_date"
"Seriously loved this	 it was so soft! I was kind of nervous about it at first but it was sooooo great and would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"Cute but fits a little off	review_date"
"Fit was alright	review_date"
"The crotch is a mile long and looks like a wrestling getup. Would not recommend.	review_date"
"This product is OK. I got the Wine color but it's too red for my taste. In general feels soft but cheap. I feel after a couple of uses it's gonna look super old haha	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥? size 6	 34b. I ordered a medium	 based on other reviews	 and it fits perfectly. The fabric is soft	 not at all scratchy. There is a tie behind the neck that allows for some adjustment. Can鈥檛 wait to wash and wear.	review_date"
"It looked nothing like the picture	 very unattractive. I can't even explain just how horrid it was.	review_date"
"It was an under shirt for a sexy outfit for my anniversary and worked beautifully. It was comfortable and fit great.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 care for the fit	 too small here	 too big there. It鈥檚 odd. For the price however	 I can hardly complain.	review_date"
"5'4 and about 150. got a medium and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Same thing loved my purchase.... however found my package on lobby floor. When I was clearly home to receive it.	review_date"
"I was skeptical of buying lingerie on Amazon	 but this is so freaking cute!	review_date"
"This was a good purchase	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised by how well this fit. I am a rather small person ( 5'1\ and 105lbs) and have difficulty finding things that fit. It's slightly baggy in the rear end	 but I could easily take it in between the leg holes or just work out my glutes "
"some loose threads needed to be cut off. could use more stretch. not bad quality and was shipped quickly	review_date"
"This was perfect! I loved it. Good quality and great price. Fast delivery!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Super cute on	 and I would say it would flatter mostly anyone. Made of very soft material. I usually wear a size 10-12 and a 36 DD bra and I bought a large.	review_date"
"Very Hot.	review_date"
"Lace was poor quality.Ran much smaller then expected.Pictures makenit look much cuter then the product is in person.	review_date"
"One of my favorite pieces	 fits true to size. I love it!	review_date"
"Good quality	 worth it!	review_date"
"LOVE!!! I recommend! Looks beautiful and sexy on!	review_date"
"Softer than expected and love it! Flattering and comfy	 too.	review_date"
"BF enjoyed it	review_date"
"I wore this under my dress it was perfect	review_date"
"Beautiful	 I'll probably buy another. This would be perfect if it had a snap crotch.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits well and crazy soft! It was a nice surprise for my husband! A great deal for the price! I'm 5'5\... busty..And 140lbs. Definitely flattering! Highly recommend!""	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"This is a pretty piece! A little long for my short waist	 but i just adjust it a bit! I'm 5'3'' 140- muscular/curvy ! Very soft and comfy! Perfect for covering some areas i am not 100% confident with!	review_date"
"SO CUTE AND COMFORTABLE	review_date"
"The lace material is very soft. I expected it to be stiff and scratchy. I am 5鈥? and 153 pounds and got a large and it fits perfect. Would definitely recommend this	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Daaamn gurl	review_date"
"Poorly made. Practically a thong in the front... not a good look. I鈥檓 5鈥?4鈥?and 125lbs... ordered a medium. Would not order again. Would give 0 stars if I could.	review_date"
"Cute and the price was great.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"The worst Amazon clothing purchase.  The crotch is way too long	 almost like they were trying to make a thong in the back and front. So strange and very uncomfortable.  Poor quality.	review_date"
"Great for the price!	review_date"
"5鈥?1鈥?150lbs 36DD and large is really big on me. It鈥檚 not fitted at all. Exchanging for a smaller size.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 145lbs	 thick a$$ thighs	 and a medium fit like a glove. Boyfriend and I both give it 5 stars.	review_date"
"Fits well.	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly and super high quality! It鈥檚 great I highly recommend especially for Valentine鈥檚 Day!	review_date"
"I'm 5'3	 120 lbs and ordered a small. Fits perfectly!	review_date"
"My fianc茅 enjoyed this very much and I felt super sexy.  32b bra size	 118lb	 5\6....opted for a small and it fit great.""	review_date"
"This is amaing! It looked great!	review_date"
"Super cute but the sizing was way too big. I'm a size 8/10 and ordered a large since I'm a DD chest and it was just way too big.	review_date"
"my long torso makes anything like this hard to fit. adorable though!!	review_date"
"Item is very cheaply made.	review_date"
"Had to return product	 too big. Usually wear a medium but it fit like a large	review_date"
"Very Beautiful	review_date"
"It took awhile to come in but it fit as expected and very comfortable.	review_date"
"It fit okay	 I have a bigger butt but smaller hips so it didn鈥檛 really cover my butt like it shows in the picture. It鈥檚 still very cute and my man loves it.	review_date"
"Fits small in the front because it's high cut	 but overall fits well. Much more see-through than the picture makes it seem	 but that's to be expected.	review_date"
"great suit looks real good	review_date"
"Love this. Very comfortable. would order again.	review_date"
"The fabric is not comfortable	review_date"
"Perfect item it's size and it's material is so good. Love it !!	review_date"
"Sexy \u0026 made for a great night!	review_date"
"This is super cute and also soft. I got a small and I guess I should have gotten a medium because it really rides up at the bottom	 and not in the rear if you know what i mean.	review_date"
"I'm 5'10\ and I was very surprised that this fit my long torso. It is super sexy and comfy. I love it!""	review_date"
"Love it	 but the sizing chart may be a little bit off.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. I have a long torso	 so was a little tight in the crotch	 but all in all a great fit.	review_date"
"Stretchy material. Was a little too big but still cute. Lighter red than I thought the wine color would be.	review_date"
"fits as expected and i feel so confident in it. tucks my stomach in!	review_date"
"I couldn't wait to try it on and it exceeded my expectations.This is sexy.I love the fit and feel. Definitely buying other colors.	review_date"
"My hubby loved it that's all that matters lol. It was a nice fit it will fit better after I lose my belly	review_date"
"Sexy and soft	review_date"
"One of the best purchases I ever made on Amazon.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife.  Fit and color were perfect.  It is a very sexy piece and I will definitely be ordering her more in other colors.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and soft!! I ordered a medium and I鈥檓 5鈥? 120 pounds.	review_date"
"it鈥檚 cute and comfy but i am a 36 DD and there was no way it was covering my nipples. oh well	review_date"
"Great!  Got this for a boudoir shoot for my husband and he loved it!	review_date"
"I have been looking for a suit like this.  Could not find one the fit right.  This one is perfect.	review_date"
"Great cheap lingerie!	review_date"
"He loves it	review_date"
"made cheaply.	review_date"
"love this! the lace is super soft	 stretchy and comfortable. it鈥檚 sexy and has just the right amount of coverage	 even for DDs!	review_date"
"beautiful product	 fit as expected	 nice lacey material and washed well	 lay to dry	review_date"
"Smaller than expected.  Cheap materials	review_date"
"She loves it. It looks great on her. Enough said	review_date"
"Perfect size	 it fits and looks incredible.	review_date"
"Way to small.	review_date"
"Good quality lace. Comfy	review_date"
"Ordered a large when maybe I could have gotten a medium accept for torso length. My boyfriend loved it though!	review_date"
"I love love love this piece! Fits amazing and looks even better. Extremely sexy... and the material is pretty soft for lace. I love it..	review_date"
"Im 5'6 125lbs. It fit just right for me. Really soft. Comfortable. Not at all like that scratchy lace . My significant other loved it.	review_date"
"Love it! I'm 5'2 and about 190lbs with 40D breasts and it's super cute	review_date"
"Good product with adjustable tie string	review_date"
"Wish they sold an XS and correct the sizing chart	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?  140lbs.  Pear shape.  I ordered a size Medium.  Whoa!  Sexy.  It's a keeper.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 just know that if you have big boobs (I'm 5'9	 140 pounds and a 36D) it won't touch your stomach or waist.	review_date"
"Surprisingly good quality for the price. Will buy other goods from them in the future.	review_date"
"This is really great	 especially for the price! I'm a 32C an a size 4 in pants normally so ordered a small and a medium just in case and the medium worked better for me. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"This is a great piece of lingerie.. Fits me perfect and is very sexy	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? 125lbs I chose the small one and it fits perfectly. The material is really comfy too!	review_date"
"Decent quality	 however the bottom where the crotch is rides very high up	 does not look as pictured.	review_date"
"Very cute	 Fit as expected. I bought a medium and I'm 5'7 and normally wear a 6-8 pants.	review_date"
"Cheap fabric one time use only	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 118 lbs. I ordered the small and it fit perfect. It鈥檚 stretchy	 comfortable and my boyfriend loved it on me 馃槉	review_date"
"Looks expensive and fits great!	review_date"
"Really fun and sexy!	review_date"
"Beautiful product. This lace isn't itchy at all. Though this is cut higher on the legs but it is still a great product for the price!	review_date"
"I ordered the black and I really love it but it seems to be a little small in the crotch area. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 133lbs... it鈥檚 very sexy.	review_date"
"String set neck to tie	 makes it adjustable to a certain point. I feel it runs small. 5'5	174lbs	 and I had major camel toe with a large. I couldn't pull it down because the waist did not stretch due to the seam. If I pull the suit down	 that would tear the seam or cut into me due to this bangin body yo.	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy	review_date"
"Looks great	 true to size	review_date"
"sweet love	review_date"
"Way too big! Should have ordered a large instead of an XL	review_date"
"Love this so much! Fabric doesn't feel cheap	review_date"
"Love this! Soft	 sexy	 and best of all: flattering	review_date"
"Super cute good quality	 I got a med which worked out because it ties at the neck perfect fit:-)	review_date"
"Was soft and comfortable	review_date"
"Great price and really sexy.	review_date"
"Love it !!!!	review_date"
"Fit as expected.  Very nice.	review_date"
"Fits wonderfully and looks real cute	review_date"
"perfect amazing quality  im a 34 DDD.  AND ITS SO SEXY	review_date"
"Super sexy! Love it.	review_date"
"I honestly love the fit and the lace is SO soft. I'm 5'5\ and about 190lbs and the XL fit great.""	review_date"
"Love color and fabric	review_date"
"Beautiful	 I鈥檓 a size 12 	 38 DD so I ordered the xxl	 fit perfect !	review_date"
"Runs somewhat big but it still looked cute.	review_date"
"Fit is perfect. Would look good on most body types	review_date"
"Actually really liked this product! Color was more red than wine..	review_date"
"Not sure why everyone loves this?? Bottom fits good but too is just weird. You get what you pay for I guess. Oh well it will be on for 2sec	review_date"
"Fits great!!! Soft material... ties around the neck so it fitted my boobs perfectly!i ordered a medium and I wear a 32 G bra	 size 9 jeans.	review_date"
"Is not a clasp neck	  is actually strings you tie together.  So that was kind of a bummer	review_date"
"Fits perfect.	review_date"
"I bought this	 wore it once	 and it had a hole after the first wash. I am seriously disappointed.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Just as the picture shows.	review_date"
"Love this so much ! Well worth the price. The material is so much softer than I expected it to b. So thrilled with this product	review_date"
"Loved this! Fits just right. I鈥檓 146llbs \u0026 5鈥? I order a medium	review_date"
"Nice soft fabric..I LOVE IT just wish I went a size down..I'm always afraid things won't fit but I'd rather have a tad bigger than smaller..	review_date"
"Great product!	review_date"
"Better than expected!! Thank you	review_date"
"I'm 5'1	130lbs. This fit very nicely on me and it worked out great!	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"Everything fit as expected however the length of the item seemed a bit short and I didn't think I had a long torso.	review_date"
"Very pretty and soft but...Runs small. I鈥檓 5鈥? - 110lbs and it was too tight on the bottom and I鈥檓 small framed.	review_date"
"Perfect fit 	 hubby loved it	review_date"
"The bottom half is Way too long.	review_date"
"Super comfy and fit perfect!	review_date"
"Even with a mom bod	 I loved the way it fit! Material is very comfortable	review_date"
"Well made it鈥檚 a nice fit if you don鈥檛 have much boobs	review_date"
"to large. they need to make extra smalls..	review_date"
"I love the color and how it fitted.	review_date"
"I love it and my man does too. A great fit!!	review_date"
"Good for the price. Adjustable string in back works well to adjust fitting.	review_date"
"Fits great	 just know if you have a big chest you'll have to adjust yourself from time to time.	review_date"
"This bodysuit was everything. Super sexy	review_date"
"Super sexy. Bae loved it.	review_date"
"I just opened it and I'm in love!!!! It fits perfectly and is made of soft lace!	review_date"
"Soo cute	 great material	review_date"
"My boobs are too small so it kind of looks weird.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Esta hermoso y es el谩stico	review_date"
"I'm very satisfied with the product	review_date"
"A little awkward for my body type but super cute other than that	review_date"
"Super cute! Slightly small	 should have went a size bigger!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and weigh 140 and a Medium was really tiny. It looks cheapy also	review_date"
"It's SO soft and fits great!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 love it 馃槏	review_date"
"5' 2\ 140lbs	 I got a medium and it fit perfectly!""	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"As to be expected	review_date"
"Super soft and looks amazing.  Good quality	review_date"
"Huge hit! We both love it :) Would buy again if needed!	review_date"
"Fit perfect material was very comfortable	review_date"
"Very nice \u0026 sexy!	review_date"
"Love the style	 was a little smaller than expected	review_date"
"Sizes run very small	review_date"
"The feel is very comfortable	review_date"
"Both were ripped when purchased	review_date"
"Loved	review_date"
"Fiance loved it and so did I!! 馃憖馃憖馃憖	review_date"
"I love this piece! It鈥檚 beautiful	review_date"
"Este art铆culo no me fue entregado.	review_date"
"Love love love!!!	review_date"
"Great!	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Super sexy but not made for taller women.	review_date"
"It makes me feel so sexy... I love it!	review_date"
"Awful fit	review_date"
"AMAZING. LOVE IT. FITS PERFECT.	review_date"
"Todo me a gustado	review_date"
"My boyfriend was very happy with this :)	review_date"
"Fit as expected...good quality	review_date"
"The top just doesn't fit quite right .. there's bunching	review_date"
"Did not fit	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"Fits her perfectly :)	review_date"
"Love love love it	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Bought for my wife glad I did!!!	review_date"
"This is not cute. Everything is too large	 the crotch area is like a mile long- I had to sew it together	 take it in like 5 inches	 and it still didn鈥檛 work.	review_date"
"Super sexy and very comfortable	review_date"
"Beautiful and love it	review_date"
"Love the color!	review_date"
"The fit was great. It was light material.	review_date"
"Lace was very soft.	review_date"
"I was a little cautious when deciding to buy this because it was so cheap...I love it! Honestly the material is softer and feels nicer than anything I have bought at Victorias Secret. I am 5'7 and 150 lbs and got a medium and it fits perfectly. Super comfortable.	review_date"
"Love love love this suit!  So cute with the cross-tie back.  5'5\ 137 lbs	 medium fits perfectly!""	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on the model. Not on me though.	review_date"
"This was a little large on me. You can tie the top tighter	 which helps. I think I just don鈥檛 have a big enough chest haha! Other than that	 love it.	review_date"
"Good suit and covers bum	review_date"
"This isn't worth the $$ it doesn't even cover the breast area..it covers my armpits though	review_date"
"Ladies this is SEE THRU. lol. It is not black like the pic.	review_date"
"I'm actually pleasantly surprised with this purchase. I'd give it a 5 star if the quality were just a little bit better. However	 you get what you pay for. I can order five of these for the price of one at Victoria's Secret. Very stretchy	 comfortable	 and sexy. Can't wait to wear it on Valentine's Day.	review_date"
"Was a bit more see through than expected but comfortable and durable	review_date"
"Beautiful!!	review_date"
"Fits great	 super soft stretchy material. Cant beat it for the price	review_date"
"Would not buy again	review_date"
"Slightly too big	review_date"
"I ordered this because I REALLY love the look.It was supposed to have been delivered TODAY and said it was left on my porch. First	 I was home and NO ONE KNOCKED. The product was claimed to have been left on my porch. There was nothing on my porch. I am VERY upset and disappointed. I was VERY MUCH looking forward to receiving this item. I don't know WHAT to do.	review_date"
"My daughter LOVES this swimsuit and has received SO many compliments on it! Great buy!	review_date"
"Small	review_date"
"I really like how this material feels. It is a little loose on the top but I am also a 34b so it happens a lot if I鈥檓 not wearing a push up bra. It still looks fantastic though. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 135 pounds and ordered a small. I have a bigger bottom and it fits so great on the bottom half. There is just a little extra room in the top	 but not enough to return. Plus	 you can just tie it tighter and it pulls it up more so it鈥檚 adjustable	review_date"
"I have never purchased lingerie before but decided to try it out for Valentine's Day. This teddy is cute and very soft. I wouldn't say it's the most flattering style ever if you're self conscious about your tummy and have larger breasts. I'm a 34D	 so it doesn't exactly lay flat against my torso like the picture appears. It does fit well though	 and it's very flattering in the back (which my boyfriend loves).  Overall a nice purchase for the price. 5'6\	 ~140 lbs	 34D	 ordered a Medium.""	review_date"
"This is a super sexy piece for a very good price.  Seems to be very well made and is very comfortable while on.  I am 5鈥?鈥?130lbs with a smaller bust and a small fit me perfectly	review_date"
"Fit was fine except my torso is to long for it I鈥檓 5 ft 9 in my husband still loved it though he didn鈥檛 know the difference. Color was more of a bright red he still liked the color and lace was very soft.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this item! The fit is perfect and the fabric is very comfortable! I have worn it at least twice and each time I was more than satisfied! I suggest you grab it and for the price you just can't beat it!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? near 135lbs. I bought a large just to be safe \u0026 it was a near perfect fit. It鈥檚 super comfortable to even just lay in bed and relax in. My boyfriend also loved it very much.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3\	 140 lbs (hourglass/pear shaped) and got a medium. I think I could've gotten away with a small	 as the fabric is stretchy. Super comfortable though	 and very flattering!""	review_date"
"Super comfy and so sexy! I got this piece in white and the detail is absolutely gorgeous. It鈥檚 very well made and fit true to size with a little wiggle room to spare. The fabric is actually quite stretchy. My husband and I love it!	review_date"
"Runs small so definitely order a size up. I鈥檓 usually a medium- 5鈥?鈥?145lbs and a medium was too small for me. The quality of the material was great and super soft!Ordering a large to see if it fits any better and I鈥檓 excited for it to come!	review_date"
"Looks great	 and the lace is incredibly soft and stretchy	 so it fits every curve and doesn't ride up at all. 10/10 recommend	review_date"
"This is by far the most attractive piece of lingerie I own. I LOVE THIS PIECE! My husband loved it too	 and was surprised. I am 5'6 and weight 128 and a size small fit me!	review_date"
"Was a little skeptical about buying but got it anyways and absolutely love it ordered a small. I鈥檓 5鈥? 105pounds. Fits perfect. I ordered black and am on here right now ordering a red because I loved it so much.	review_date"
"I bought these in multiple colors to wear as swimsuit coverups and as lingerie with nothing underneath. Got so many compliments on It at the pool AND my boyfriend thinks it's the hottest piece of lingerie ever. Win win!I鈥檓 usually a size 7/9 pant. 150lbs. 5'4. 34DD. 30 waist. 39 hips. I like how the XL drapes over me so I sized up from my normal size!Love love love this dress!	review_date"
"Love it	 very flattering fit I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?178lb. Ordered XL  and covers my tummy/ problem area well. Cute and comfortable to wear	 quality is good for the price	 I ordered another one in a different color	review_date"
"The strap broke as soon as I put it on. It isn't sewn into the material it's attached with a flimsy plastic piece that immediately snapped.	review_date"
"I got the large	 I am 5 foot 5 inches	172	 fit frame with wide hips and larger busoms. It fit everything wonderfully	 it was so soft and I loved it! It was on the modest side	 but in the back it sets right above my bottom	 so nice view for hubby in the back while covering anything that may make you feel self conscience. I could have gone with a medium because it is very stretchy and flowy	 but then I think my gals would have popped out a bit (unless that's what you want lol)	review_date"
"Unless you have tiny boobs this is not holding anything up or in!! Made cheaply.	review_date"
"I thought it was going to fit me tight	 but it was perfect	 its a perfect gift "
"Fit everything but my breast I am a 44 d ..it fit around me but the breast area is VERY VERY small	 I would not recommend it for full chested ladies!	review_date"
"We definitely like it	 but it is a little tight in Medium on my 34DD wife.	review_date"
"Looks great on but breast area isn't quite as snug as I would like. I am a 36D and ordered a medium. Love the flowy feel. Very sexy	review_date"
"I love it	 it fits well	 though I do not have a large chest	 so if you are well endowed you might want to try something with more support.  It makes me feel really sexy	 and has two thumbs up from my husband.  The quality isn't super high	 but it is cheap so I don't mind at all	review_date"
"Super cute and fits perfectly	 true to size.	review_date"
"Um	 I LOVE this. I am a 42DDD	 and about 200lbs. I ordered this in a size 3xl. (I sized up after reading the reviews) This makes me feel great and my husband likes it too.The connector in the front is a little tricky to figure out	 but not too difficult.The material is soft and feels decent quality. The thong that comes with is alright.No complaints from me	 I love it!	review_date"
"Love ! Comfy 	 sexy and fit perfectly. It鈥檚 very stretchy. I ordered a small and it fit my size 4 dress size. I鈥檓 a 34B. It鈥檚 super cute !	review_date"
"This is a simple and sexy piece! I love it. Easy to fee beautiful in such a great piece of lingerie. I ordered a size XL and it fits great! Maybe a little large for my liking.. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 170lbs. I wear a DD cup. Only thing I could say negatively is that it has soft cups that offer minimal support. I love the open-front	 perfect way to display a sexy belly ring!	review_date"
"I bought this for a photo shoot 	 for my maternity photo shoot it was great for an opening for my belly 	 looked great on me I ordered a medium it was a bit big for me at 6 months but fits better @8 months pregnant 	 I don鈥檛 think this would make me feel sexy if I was not pregnant but being that I am pregnant it makes me feel wonderful with the belly opening	review_date"
"Writing as a 5'3\	 185 lb	 34DDD	 this item is cute and flowy and sexy and fits very comfortably everywhere... except that I need more room for the girls. Which is expected with this type of lingerie and my body type	 lol. I'm happy with the size I got and I hope that's helpful to someone!""	review_date"
"The fabric is nice	 soft and very pretty. It	 however	 is too big. I got a small. Initially i was going to order a medium but looked at the sizing chart and decided a small would fit fine. But unfortunately it鈥檚 still a bit too big. Unless you have fake or very large	 perky breasts	 the top is most likely not going to hold you in place. Just be careful choosing your size. Other than it being big	 it鈥檚 very nice!	review_date"
"It is a beautiful piece. I had to get it in a smaller size. It runs big. Just a little though. If you are normally an extra large get a large	 if you are a large get a medium and so forth. But this piece is pretty. I know my husband will love it after seeing it but will have to wait for the smaller size to come in.  I am looking forward to the right size coming in.	review_date"
"When I saw how cheap it was	 I was going on the notion this would be worn once and probably fall apart afterward. Tried it on and strutted about and omg	 it feels like I'm wearing Victoria's Secret level lingerie! I haven't felt this great in a slip since I got the one FROM VS when I was 20!	review_date"
"Front clasp does not stay closed: randomly pops open. Otherwise it is really cute on. Sexy but demure all at once	review_date"
"Well I'm normally an extra large so I ordered a 2XL and it was a bit big in the top but nice and flowy in the skirt. The g-string was too big too. Overall it did the job and my man was happy so I'm satisfied.	review_date"
"Looked great on my girl. It fit perfectly and came just as it was advertised. Shipping was extremely quick and due to the discreet nature of the product	 the packaging was ideal.  I would definitely order merchandise from this seller again.	review_date"
"Just an fyi there is no underwire. The model just has perky boobs. :(	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 get me wrong	 it鈥檚 sexy but the sizing is much bigger than anticipated and the hassle of returning isn鈥檛 worth it.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up on this. It was still a bit snug to clip in the front. There was a large gap between the sides which I thought looked dumb. There is no support for boobs at all. I ended up using it with a push-up bra underneath for the best result. My hubby liked it either way so I guess it鈥檚 a win- win.	review_date"
"The picture made me think this would be more of a constructed push up top	 however its flimsy and has no support for your breasts. Decent soft material though.	review_date"
"No boob padding but i don't mind. super nice.	review_date"
"bought this on a whim and I'm actually really happy with it. I look really eye pleasing in it and its comfortable to picture taking.	review_date"
"I returned this. You definitely need to order a few sizes larger than normal and this is not made for anyone with larger breasts. ZERO support	 plus the clasp is cheap plastic	 so it pops open pretty easily.	review_date"
"Everything seems as expected but I didn't realize the top was see through too. This is a bridal gift hopefully the bride will like it.	review_date"
"Fits great but came with a really weird smell that even washing it with fabric softener couldn鈥檛 quite get out completely...	review_date"
"Rubbish product	 do not waste money on buying this. After reading the reviews and sizes i bought one size up from my actual size and it fits so loose. The quality is very cheap too.	review_date"
"Better made than most of the cheap lingerie you find here. Sexy and fun.	review_date"
"Received more than a great response from the man I woke up wearing this lingerie.	review_date"
"Bought as a gift for my girl and it looked amazing on her	review_date"
"I ordered a small and it was still pretty bit	 but it's super cute. Not a big fan that the clasp doesn't stay clasped that well while I was trying it on. It did get here mostly on time which was nice.	review_date"
"If you have big breast don't bother getting it but it's cute	review_date"
"This is very beautiful I am so happy with this lingerie. Thank you so much.	review_date"
"My guy loves how this look and the prices are great	review_date"
"I like her in it	 and out of it...	review_date"
"I hate the thing but I love everything else. It鈥檚 super sexy and super soft	review_date"
"Looks like the picture. I really like it. Went up a size because I thought it would run small but it doesn't. Wish I got a M	review_date"
"I really enjoyed the fabric it's made out of. I had to give it 2 stars because not only does it run small and have zero breast support but the red fabric sheds like crazy. I already returned it the other day and I am still finding red fuzzes throughout my bedroom.	review_date"
"she loved it.	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"worked like a charm	review_date"
"The G-string wasn't expected but it was a nice touch	 it works for just lounging around if it's too hot. Careful though	 it gets staticy very fast. It's shocking 馃槀	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Cute soft and fits well few strings hanging off though	review_date"
"Very sexy/cute.  Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"gift	review_date"
"Very Sexy	 fitted wife perfectly	review_date"
"Sexy to say the least. He was very happy :)	review_date"
"I loved this! Although I wish the top would keep the girls inside a bit better	 it was still very cute and comfortable to wear!	review_date"
"Beautiful it fits good but not like the picture	review_date"
"Very good quality	review_date"
"Thank you	review_date"
"I could have went a size down. It鈥檚 not huge but it don鈥檛 fit me right.	review_date"
"She loves it	review_date"
"I love this set	 the robe is the extra I needed to feel comfortable in it.	review_date"
"It's cute but the front clip does not stay fastened. I'll have to replace it with one that does.	review_date"
"Super pretty	 fits as expected but the thing that came with is too big and the closure in the front is sewn on incorrectly. Quick fix so I鈥檓 not returning it	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"I bought a size bigger just in case but it wasn't necessary. But it'll be extra comfy now. The material is very soft and very stretchy. I recommend this item!	review_date"
"It was a bridal shower gift for my niece.  Got lots of rave when she opened it.	review_date"
"Bottoms were a little big but the top is to cute.	review_date"
"It looked great on my wife	review_date"
"I am a bashful person and didn鈥檛 feel overly exposed. It is beautiful in real life! The snap in the front is a little tricky but easy to figure out.	review_date"
"Not bad	review_date"
"Mesh. Fits great.	review_date"
"Favorite! Boyfriend loves it. Comfortable	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy.  I dont care for the plastic closure in the front. But other then that it fit well.	review_date"
"It came out of the packs with a bad small it smelled like cigarettes	review_date"
"I like	review_date"
"This product is not like the pictures and the sizing is off. It's definitely not the \cute\"" lingerie like it is supposed to be.""	review_date"
"The clasp in the front is made from very cheap plastic. I unhooked it and I thought I broke it.	review_date"
"Fits fine as far as cup size and width BUT I wish it had some type of support for the girls.	review_date"
"Fit beautifully and was a nice piece.	review_date"
"I think it was expected except there is no lining in the cup.	review_date"
"Great for the price. The slits on the side were kind of awkward how they are placed	 but still sexy and cute.	review_date"
"A little on the small side. Otherwise as expected	review_date"
"We love it and would buy it again	review_date"
"Pretty fits nice	review_date"
"As described. No problems :)	review_date"
"Great buy	review_date"
"When I got my package from my mailbox it was already opened.	review_date"
"Esta muy grande para ser talla s	review_date"
"It's super sexy but it's a bit big in the cup area.	review_date"
"Love it !!!! Fits completely fine on me looks great	review_date"
"Very good quality.	review_date"
"Great value	 fits great and great material. 馃檪	review_date"
"Ran slightly big but super cute	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"馃榿馃榿馃榿馃榿	review_date"
"hubby loves it	review_date"
"Looks nice on	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎 cool	review_date"
"I wore this on my wedding night and my husband loved it!	review_date"
"I'm 5'8\ in height and a size 36 B in most bras	 item fit perfectly! Very satisfied with this purchase and so was my partner.""	review_date"
"Very pretty. Next time  I may go down one size  I am a 36 DD	review_date"
"Love it hubby loves it too	review_date"
"Saw a lot of reviews about a cheap clasp	 but try to clip it the other direction and it should stay. Mine was weird too	 but once I tried it the opposite way it clicked and stayed in place. I wear a 36C	 150 lbs. and 5' 5\. It is a nice fit with a size medium. Kinda thin material	 but I do like it! I hope it lasts because the material is soft and the bright red is amazing!""	review_date"
"I love it super cute better for a longer torso it's pretty loose on my stomach I'm 5'2 115 got a small usually wear size 3-5 really got here super fast!	review_date"
"I love this but it def runs small. I sized up	 as I always do with amazon lingerie. And I think I am going to buy another one and size up again. So go 2 sizes up maybe. The strings around the hips are small on me because my leggings size is usually a large	 and top/dress size a medium. So I need to size up for the bottom half too. And the extra length would be nice since I am 5鈥?鈥? I think an extra large will be perfect. The large is very nice tho. It digs into my crotch a little	 because it鈥檚 a string and it鈥檚 pullinh because I would ideally need more length .	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 135 pound with a 34DD breast and 26 inch waist. It鈥檚 kinda small on top . Side boobs popping out it that鈥檚 okay with me . The waist area is a little loose. Bottom fits well because it鈥檚 a g-string. The matierial is good. Not flimsy. I ordered a size small. The breast area has tie string so it can be easily adjusted to how tight you want it. Overall I do like it.	review_date"
"Super sexy outfit. My favorite that I have in my closet. Fits absolutely perfect.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6 and weight 130 lbs. I bought the small and it fit perfectly! Wasn't hard to figure out how to put it on and my bf loved it! The ties around the neck and back made it so that it shaped me perfectly. Not cheaply made at all.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?	 130 pounds and got a small . Fits nicely 	 the halter and back are adjustable like a bikini top	 and the lace part is stretchy- was worried Id be too tall for it but the halter holds it in place	review_date"
"Beautiful classy	review_date"
"Love the color. And it fit fine	 however it is baggy in the middle portion. And the bottom strings have no elasticity so may break when \in use\"". I purchased a medium because that's what I usually wear. 5'0 133lbs. I'll be getting a small in this particular piece next time. Yes	 it's cute that I'll be getting more.""	review_date"
I got this because my husband has been traveling a lot for his job for most of the year and I wanted to spice things up while he was away.  I sent him a few pictures of me in this while he was at work and the outfit got the reaction I wanted 
"I was on the fence about this lingerie	 but my man likes me in red and I liked this shade of red. I thought the cut would be unflattering but it鈥檚 actually really nice! The ties behind the breast and neck help you get a little lift on the bust line	 and the lace is soft and stretchy. I鈥檓 a 32DD (28-inch waist	 38-inch hips) and the small fits perfectly. I will say that I鈥檓 only 5鈥? and have a short torso	 and the length JUST fits me. Girls with longer abdomens may find it uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Just be mindful that things with stringy sides will make your \fat\"" areas look fatter. This is a great piece of lingerie for someone with no saddlebags/hip fat (regardless of size). I don't recommend if you have any loose/jiggly skin in that area.""	review_date"
"I'm 5'3\	 190 lbs.	 and 36D. I typically wear a large but ordered two sizes up (XXL) based on other reviews. Fit perfectly. I would suggest ordering two sizes up as well. My breasts were not as covered as the model in the pic but I guess that's the point!""	review_date"
"Great item for the price. It is very sexy and surprisingly comfortable. The lace is soft and stretchy.  I have only one complaint- after about 20 minutes of wear the lace over my stomach stretched out considerably to the point of drooping. I am a size 6 with a flat stomach so this realistically shouldn't happen. It did however \shrink\"" back to normal after it went through the laundry.Also- I don't recall reading this in the description so I will point out a fun little feature. When you put the item on it has a barely there thong back. Rather than your typically single string between the legs	 it has 2 strings that are looped around the waistband rather than fixed in the back. This allows the strings to slide apart and off the the sides making the item crotchless. Have fun!""	review_date"
"Very fitting. I'm 5'4 130lbs and a Medium fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. She's 5'8\ 145lbs and we returned the medium for a small. It fits much better. It's very sexy and fun but we recommend going down a size.""	review_date"
"Bought this product in a larger size than I normally wear. I bought this to spice things up in the bedroom. It was a hit	 but I ended up getting rid of it after owning it for over a year. I threw it away. The bottom strings would get so tangled. It would take me a lot of time to untangle it before i put it on. You have to take it off before being intimate with your special someone. So when you take it off you are in a bit of a rush and usually pull it off and throw it across the room. So if you don't mind the pain it is to untangle the small strings	 it would be a nice product.	review_date"
"My girlfriend is 5鈥?鈥?110 lbs	 i ordered a small and it looks incredible on her. I can鈥檛 speak for other body types but it鈥檚 very flattering for girls who are fit with small chests	review_date"
"Im very petite 4'9\ so it was alittle big but still looked amazing""	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?0鈥?and about 128 lbs	 ordered a small since I usually wear a size 6 and this fits great! I have long legs and somewhat of a short torso so maybe if you have a long torso	 order a size up instead. But the material is nice	 it鈥檚 flattering and very sexy!	review_date"
"This was such a great buy. As someone who's never bought something like this before	 I wasn't sure what size to get or even if it would look good on me. It arrived a day early so I tried it on to see if it fit before my boyfriend got home from work. It fit perfectly. As someone with 32C boobs and a booty on the curvy side	 I decided to go with a medium based on other reviews. I recommend this size to anyone in the 5'2\ and 135 lb range to go with a medium. Small would have been too tight and a large would have been much too big. I will be purchasing more from this company in the future.""	review_date"
"This is a great little one piece... I say little because there is VERY little of it. It is so soft and so comfortable	 the g strong doesn't pull	 everything looks perfect. The only thing is that there is so LITTLE to it. It's hard to keep in place if you love at all. But it's so cute	 cozy and perfect!	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 acceptable quality for the price. Good service. A note for girls with bigger hips like me	 however: I do not like the way this looked on me. I鈥檓 an nearly an hourglass shape	 with a little more in the hips. Unless you鈥檙e super athletic	 or big busted	 you will feel fat in this. It adds easily 5-8 pounds in the mirror due to the cut/design. I threw it in the trash.	review_date"
"It's sexy as hell! I purchased the small upon reading other reviews but it was a little too small. I'm 34/27/38 and would recommend a medium for a better fit.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ and 165 lbs	 and I ordered a 2x. It fits great	 except for the chest area. I kind of expected the chest to be too small though	 since I'm a 38G. So if you're busty like me	 just anticipate having some spillage. But I still love how it looks on me. I think it would be flattering to pretty much any figure.""	review_date"
"If you want to be groceries for your husband	 buy it ASAP.  Great investment...!!!	review_date"
"I bought one size up after reading reviews	 that still didn't help because I'm 5'7\ and 130 and I have a long torso. I think this is made for a shorter girl. Lacy camel toe is not sexy	 so	 I'd say it didn't fit me well!!!! It's very pretty though and mine was not broken or ripped anywhere	 I really wish it fit me proper!!!""	review_date"
"Liked this so much I bought two! One for me (for my anniversary) and one for my best friend and sister (as a gift from her matron-of-honor upon her wedding :D)It is SEXY!  My hubby likes it a lot.  A whole day after seeing it he remarked again that he liked it :DI bought one in black for my sister and one in purple for me.  The purple is brighter than I expected	 but I don't think it is much different than the color depicted (it probably just looks different on my skin).I am about 5'6'' and 130 lbs. B/W/H: 34''/27''/37'' I got the size small and it fits great! Nothing lacking.	review_date"
"I bought one of these made by Oh La La Cheri and I loved it so thought I鈥檇 get another... this one looked exactly like my first but when I got it	 it was definitely not the same. This one	 in my opinion	 is cheaper though I wouldn鈥檛 go so far to say it鈥檚 cheap. My biggest gripe is that it鈥檚 not really 鈥渃rotchless鈥?as advertised	 at least not for my body type. It IS crotchless	 but it might not open up to be crotchless where you鈥檇 want it to be	 if that makes sense. I鈥檓 sending this one back.	review_date"
"She loved it and looked very sexy in it. She looks astonishing !	review_date"
"Awesome item to get for your significant other.  Really loved seeing my beautiful woman in it and I'm sure you will too.  Considering the price and how quickly it arrived you can't really do any better.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 I just wish I had bigger boobs for this. *sigh. I'm 34 B. Still a really great piece! I just look rather uh...dainty and modelous? Usually a good thing	 but I'd rather look a little more porn star in this category of clothing.  If you have small boobs	 just....remember you have small boobs? It won't make anything look juicier haha. Also	 looks very fragile. Since it's not crotchless	 you'll be taking it off anyway	 so that might be alright.	review_date"
"I did like this product. It fit fairly well with a few exceptions.1. The lace on the mid stomach flapped out instead of fitting flat on my stomach.2. I am a size 32C and it was hard to keep my breasts in or at least nipples.Conclusion: I would buy again considering it wasn't expected to be worn long and is still sexy. Your man may see my #2 as a good thing.	review_date"
"Good quality and it fit good I'm 4'11\ about 220lbs	 I ordered the 2xl and fit great. My only problem was that my breasts were hanging out of the side but that's more because of their size and not the piece. It's also really sturdy and hard to rip off.""	review_date"
"I found this to fit quite small. The material isn't that well made	 as it came with a hole near the seam. The first time I took it off it became so twisted up that I gave up on trying to straighten out the strings. I definitely can't recommend this.	review_date"
"This fit so comfortably!! I ordered the purple in a size small. I am 5\ 8 with measurements of 34-27-35. This has some stretch and some adjustability with the tie neck and the g-string. I have a slightly long torso not super long but this fit great. I loved wearing this! I felt really sexy in it and my boyfriend was very pleased! This was so comfortable that I was able to sleep in it so I didn't have to change into pajamas. Totally worth the price and I would buy more from this company. Prior to wearing I did cut the tag out so it looked better on. It wasn't to hard to remove. Honestly if more lingerie was this comfortable I would wear it all the time. Buy this you won't regret it.""	review_date"
"Typically I don鈥檛 leave reviews	 but felt compelled to write one for this. I was hesitant about the fit	 I鈥檝e never ordered lingerie on Amazon before. It is true to color	 I bought the wine color	 and it fit AMAZING and the material was incredibly comfy and had enough give in all the right areas. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 so I was a little worried	 but the large was perfect for my long torso. I鈥檒l definitey be ordering another one in some other colors. The man loved it and I did too	 I didn鈥檛 want to take it off	 buy it ladies "
"This piece was perfect!! I am 120 lbs and 4'11\ and do not have a model body but I am not overweight. With pieces like this it is a hit or miss because if it doesn't fit right	 I don't feel sexy. This literally conforms to the best parts of your body a.) your chest andb.) your hipsI would suggest buying it and measure yourself to look at the size guide. It was definitely worth the money and wait	 my boyfriend agreed to that whole-heartedly!The only thing is that the fabric isn't very strong	 but you get what you pay for.""	review_date"
"Sexy lingerie	 but super difficult to put on and take off as you can imagine. The straps tumble over and twirl around each other when you take it off and don鈥檛 even think about putting that thing in the washer! Hand wash only to preserve. It fit kind of funny and wasn鈥檛 as tight around the boobs that would like to keep them slightly in place.	review_date"
"I ordered a Small based on the sizing - I'm 5\4 and 120 lbs. It's a little tight and I probably could've gotten away with a medium	 but overall it's pretty flattering and good for the price.""	review_date"
"The quality is great and so is the price. I am 5'1\ and a very muscular 135 lbs and I got a size M. I was skeptical buying this product because my torso is so short. I was right. This was a little baggy in the stomach area because its obviously meant to fit a longer torso. Thats my only complaint. I make it work though and it actually has more support for the boobs than you would think!""	review_date"
"Not gonna lie	 it sits funny on my snatch. Is it my snatch? Did I order the wrong size? Who freakin鈥?knows! Do I care? Not really	 because I still wear it all the time at work and dudes still buy lap dances from me. You know why? Because dudes don鈥檛 usually give a flying fudge if your cute pink teddy sits 鈥渨eird鈥?on your freakin snatch.Best business investment this quarter.	review_date"
"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01COY8VN2/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_19itMuch smaller than I was expecting.  Didn't fit as I wanted to or like others did that I bought similar to this item.  I suggest larger size than you normally would wear or you must be a very small body frame.  I'm very fit	 average build and just didn't work.  Most likely sending it back due to sizing issues and wont wear it.  But the outfit overall was really cute	 nice material and worth the purchase if I  could pull it off.	review_date"
"Elastic hugged my sides a bit (pear shaped) but very flattering. My husband was thrilled!  Easy on (and off) and I鈥檇 guess the stretch fits well on most sizes and heights.  The large fit me well	 I鈥檓 a curvy 5鈥?鈥?151 lbs.  3 months postpartum so flattering my tummy and feeling sexy was key.  It鈥檚 re-wearable.  Get it!	review_date"
"I am 5'5\ and this was way to tall for me. If the diamond clip sits where it should the lace on the stomach totally bulges out and if I pull it up higher the clip is a the top of my boobs... very unflattering look either way. I had to return because the fit just wasn't right for my body type but the material is nice.""	review_date"
"The strings could have been a little longer. She looked great in it	 it just could have been slightly better. The strings across the buttock kept twisting and wouldn't straighten out and that made it uncomfortable but livable for what it is. The material is soft and not scratchy which was a huge plus for her which got this outfit another star. Thanks guys.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?with a decently long torso. I weigh 106lb and this fits pretty well except it鈥檚 baggy around the middle. As long as I tie the strings pretty high up on my neck it鈥檚 not TOO bad. I really do like It though	 great quality and the color is as expected. The hubby isn鈥檛 complaining either "
Warning... seeing your (insert arrangement here) step out wearing this number will immediately cause every ounce of blood in your system to vacate every limb .... except for one. These come with a serious falling hazard!! .... but so worth the risk. 
"Super sexy. I think it'd be flattering on many body types. Of course my husband loves it. Many people said theirs was flimsy but I even threw this in the washing machine on delicate and it stayed together. I am 5'6\ and 127 lbs and I ordered the medium and it fit perfectly.""	review_date"
"Love it!! I ordered the red and the black. I am 5'2\ 130 pounds 36 DD bra. I ordered the small and it JUST fits!!! I showed my friends and they ordered it too and they love it!! Inexpensive and sexy!!""	review_date"
"Looked great in package and on girlfriend... sadly she only wore it to show it off and not for anything else. Gentleman... choose your purchases wisely	 I assume another person might be the luck one to see it.	review_date"
"Very cute	 and surprisingly well made and good quality. There isn't a lot of support up top	 but still looks flattering even if your gals aren't as perky. Definitely worth the purchase	review_date"
"Looking at the picture and what I received I can honestly say that it is not tailored to anyone shorter than 5鈥? I am 5 foot and there is no adjustment in between the chest and waist (torso area) so I can鈥檛 even wear it because it鈥檚 saggy. The model has to be really tall and skinny	review_date"
"It arrived in great condition. It has very little meterial and ties in the back. It looked to me in the pic like it had some under wire or something. But it's just two strips of fabric. But it fits great and looks exactly like the pic!	review_date"
"Nice material and fits well. I'm 5.5\ and 140lbs and fits great!""	review_date"
"If you are tall like me (5'10) order a size or 2 bigger for length. You will be happy you did. Otherwise it is as picture. Good quality lace.	review_date"
"Pointing out the bleeding obvious - there is no bra support built in	 so your boobs will not look like the model鈥檚 unless duct tape is involved. On the positive is it鈥檚 very cute and sexy.I鈥檓 5鈥?	 163lb	 normally wear size 10 and ordered Medium. On the tight side but not too bad	review_date"
"Gets a 2 because it is sexy.  However	 I am 5ft 2 and the torso is to long.  I think this is meant for a girl taller than 5ft 6.  Other than that it fit OK.	review_date"
"If you have a long torso it will be perfect. I'm 5'4 and 140. It was a little baggy. It's also very cheap quality. Amazon has some great lingerie for great prices. I'd say pass on this one but keep looking. I found some really sexy great quality	 great priced lingerie.	review_date"
"This fits well in the chest and bottom	 but its made for someone with a longer torso. I am 34c	 5'5	 155lb	 and I have an athletic build. I would purchase again because its not that bad. I just tie it a little tighter at the neck.	review_date"
"The bust area is not as wide as the picture shown the product seems to be off a little. All in all its a cute piece but the bust area is barely wide enough to cover your nipples.	review_date"
"I bought a small. If you have a shorter than normal torso like me	 don't get this.  I tried on and it had 4-5 inches of extra fabric that drooped from the bikini area making it look baggy and terrible.  I'm 5'2\ but from the midline of my shoulder to crotch is about 26-27\"". So if you have a short torso and long legs like me beware.""	review_date"
"Amazing for the price. This looks so great on me and it really accentuates your body in all the right places. Make sure to hand wash material or gentle cycle in washer. Hang dry. It will not last otherwise. My bf loves it a lot!	review_date"
"LOVE. For cheap lingerie bought online I can't believe how pleased I was	 I'm 5'2 98lbs and a 32a and I bought the smallest size. the straps enabled me to make it tight enough to be form fitting.. its super sexy.. and looks great	review_date"
"The slit to the woman gem is not accurate to where it should line up.It runs big if you order small.It鈥檚 very sexy although.I would say yes and use body tape so the slit does slice into penatration on the male	review_date"
"I read the reviews before purchasing and figured I needed to go a size up so i did and fits perfect.  I am 5'9/155/36 D bra size and I got an XL and it fits perfectly..Material isn't terrible and isn't great either..it's fine for just wearing one time which is the intended use.	review_date"
"Put this outfit on and walked around for about 30 mins 	 only lasted that long because  the middle part breaks 	 I actually bought this outfit twice and the same thing happendReally unfortunate because the outfit itself is beautiful	review_date"
"I'm 5\4'  and I think this would better fit a taller person. The material from the ribcage down is loose on me and i wish it was less material there. If I was taller the material would stretch and it wouldn't look baggy.  Also I thought the vagina part would cover it completely 	 but it doesn't.""	review_date"
"The overall fit is nice. DD girls top is for sure small. But that is to be expected. The fabric is nice. I expected for the price for it to be scratchy	 but is it not. The color is a lot brighter than expected. That is ok.	review_date"
"Read reviews and they all seemed good... ordered what I thought would fit based upon those reviews and apparently a large really fits like a small.. disappointed. I felt like I was gonna rip the piece to shreds. Not meant for busty women lol	review_date"
"It looks great	 fit鈥檚 as expected	 but the quality isn鈥檛 so good. After one wearing	 the lace on the bust detached from the piping. They should be made for more than one wearing.	review_date"
"$10 bucks well spent for a wild and crazy time with the misses! 馃崋馃挦 Oh and the material holds up well to. 馃挭馃徏	review_date"
"This is one of the sexiest pieces I bought my wife. Only thing is that you need to size up a tad because I got her a medium	 she鈥檚 5鈥?鈥?130 and 36D	 and it鈥檚 tight. She loves it but wished it wasn鈥檛 so tight.	review_date"
"5'6	 130 lbs (slender figure) ordered a medium and it was still a little smaller than expected but I could still wear it without being too uncomfortable. However	 it's very cute and looks exactly like the picture! Easy to figure out how to put it on and to take off.	review_date"
"I'm not sure how to rate this. I was a little confused putting this on with all the straps and once I did get it on it didn't fit right and was uncomfortable. Maybe I should have gone up a size? I'm not dissatisfied but I'm not happy with this either... just hoping I can make it work!	review_date"
"I love this piece on. Now	 I do have to readjust my breasts to make them pop	 as I feel the connection is too high	 but it looks very sexy on	 even with me being curvy/thick.	review_date"
"I own a lot of lingerie from high end pieces to $10 rip them and leave them things. This is hands down the worse product I鈥檝e ever purchased. Not worth it	 flimsy	 just...a poorly made product. Avoid.	review_date"
"this is very cute but a bit smaller than i expected.... kind of gives me a cameltoe when i wear it lol	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy ! However	 if you have a long torso and a booty I would definitely recommend going up a size ! 馃槉 I鈥檓 5鈥? weighing 160 and I ordered a large. This product just didn鈥檛 fit comfortably on the bottom half due to my long torso and booty. Hopefully this helps some !	review_date"
"Looks exactly like picture and fit well	 the only issue I had was that the thong had the two strings to be able to pull open	 but the space was so small they may as well just not added that feature at all	review_date"
"This was my first time buying clothing online	 let alone amazon. This was also my first lingure purchase and im very pleased with the results. I was very surprised at how good the material is	 especially for the price! It鈥檚 sexy	 soft	 comfortable	 and unique. I definitely recommend it!I鈥檓 5鈥?	 125-130lbs	 with a large A/small B cup. I ordered a small	 color wine.	review_date"
"Loooovvvee! I wore this for my boudoir photo shoot and it looks amazing!	review_date"
"I am upset. Not because it's a bad product but because it was too small. I am 5'3	 135lb- 36BI am petite with a rectangular body shape. I ordered a medium and the butt area was too tight.  When I went to take it off it became a tangled mess. Try to order a size up.	review_date"
"Bought a small. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 120 pounds	 and the small fit great. The lace is soft and well made. I would buy from this company again. Hubby liked it too!	review_date"
"Cute if your slim... This garmet runs a little small(or maybe I was just in denial about my size when I ordered it lol) it鈥檚 cute but u definitely get what you pay for. I am 36DD and I feel like there was not enough coverage. I have a large behind and the underwear straps kept getting tangled for some reason.	review_date"
"Jenny: I love this. It fits great	 looks great	 it's one of my favorites even though it wasn't even expensive. I bought it in black but I could see some of the other colors also being good to have.	review_date"
"Definitely sexy	 hubby very much liked it to say the least! Fit perfectly	 true to size for me (hey not everything is supposed to be fully covered in these types of things!) Good quality for the low price too!	review_date"
"If You Are Petite	 This Is Not For You! I Am 5'4\. 115lbs	 30DD. This Did Not Fit Me. It Was Baggy In Around The Stomach. This Item Is For Tall Or Heavy Breasted Women. I Gave Mine Away""	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it on me. And for the most part it fits except I'm 4'10 about 160 and a 36DD. So it just barely covers my nipples let alone my breasts. The material is a sheer lace and the strings can get a little tangled up but it gets the job done. I haven't washed it in the machine just hand wash and hang to dry. Seems to delicate for the machine. The color blue is exactly as shown. Definitely a sexy piece.	review_date"
"Bought this for a valentines day surprise and it was a HUGE hit with the boyfriend. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 135lbs and a 38D and I purchased a medium and it fit me perfectly. Has some stretch to it so it鈥檚 not too tight. I love it! This is my second lingerie purchase from Avid Love and i鈥檓 happy with the quality and customer service. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Love the design	 I'm a bit busty so the bust part with ties provided was a bit difficult to adjust	 wish the clasps in centre were functional	 purely decorative	 overall I like this product.	review_date"
"I love this. I only didnt give it a 5 because its not crotchless so its a little unsexy when you have to get up in order to take it all the way off. If it tied on the hip then it would pull off to the side and be smooth sailing from there. Otherwise its super sexy and i love it	review_date"
"I hardly ever review products. I usually wear a small but I ordered medium and it was perfect. My guess is the sixes have a range because the material is good quality and stretchy but tight looking. How sexy this looks blew my expectations by far. You will not regret...buy it!! I even ordered one for a bridal shower I am going to. I am 5\7 125 lbs fyi""	review_date"
"Not made for people with a short torso. I have really long legs	 but a short torso and it made for more slack. Also doesn't handle big breasts very well.	review_date"
"Well	 quality ok. I think it's fine to wear once to make your sex a little different. Size was a bit small	 doesn't hold breast. if you mother of 2 and still breastfeeding its completely not for you. I used to look funny in this as I saw my self.	review_date"
"My bf realllly loved this. I'm 5'2\ 105 lbs	 34 B"
"I wasn鈥檛 too sure about this cause I鈥檓 so small \u0026 it was pretty cheap. BUT WOW	 it fit so great. I absolutely love it	 and recommend it	review_date"
"It worked fine for what it was. I wanted some cheap lingerie last minute for Valentine's day and this was different than anything I would normally wear and thought it would be a bit of a surprise. It was horribly uncomfortable	 no real crotch lining	 just the string of the thong basically until it hits the fabric for the lingerie in the front if that makes sense. Also was a pain to untangle and get straight when putting it on. But for $10 the fact that it fit (5'3 125 lbs ordered a small) and looked nice warrants 4 stars for me. Honestly I just threw it away after that night.	review_date"
"The first order came in the wrong size. Sending it back was very easy!I ordered the 2nd in red and I love it. The only issue is that the torso is a bit short. I鈥檓 5鈥? 145lbs. I 36 DD size 8 pants and medium to large shirts because if the breast size. It does look nice laying down but standing straight ends up in a wedgy in the front. I do absolutely recommend it but just keep in mind... large boobs with a long torso never really works out for anyone	review_date"
"Super sexy	 fit okay. Im a DD cup	 and this piece is not for large breasts. When the top piece is tied	 smashes them down.	review_date"
"Very sexy and exactly as described.  My husband loved it and was surprised because he admitted he wouldn't have picked it himself but liked the result. :)  It was easy to take off the size tag without ruining the lingerie.  Paired with thigh highs and heels you can't go wrong.Fit perfectly.  I'm 5'3\ and 125 pounds	 32 B/C cup and ordered a small.  It ties at the neck and in the back at level of a normal bra line so it's forgiving and can be tied to size easily.  Will definitely use this company in the future for affordable	 beautiful lingerie.""	review_date"
"Very nice for the price. Kind of long if you have a shorter torso and if you have big boobs it will just cover your nipples! (36DD)	review_date"
"Fits me ok.  I wear a 16 and weigh about 215.  Its stretchy.  Satisfied with the purchase.	review_date"
"I'm a petite busty woman. It was too tight on my boobs but very loose and too long in my midsection. It was incredibly uncomfortable. I just ended up throwing it away	review_date"
"Oh	 he loved it. a bit small but it did what it needed to do. ( got a small and im a size 6 in jeans and the small was a little small. Medium would've been too big and not flattering.)	review_date"
I love the Lacey design and the rhinestone accents
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 192 lbs CURVY. I ordered an xxl and it was too tight. It fitted more like a large. I鈥檝e ordered other lingerie from this company and the products were perfect. I will order again.	review_date"
"Definitely one of my top Amazon purchases. I would say that this is sexier and fits better than anything I鈥檝e bought at Victoria Secrets.	review_date"
"I was absolutely thrilled with this. I am always nervous to order stuff online	 as it always turns out too small. For reference	 I am 5'7\	 about 175 pounds. I wear a 34DD (VS sizes)	 have a smaller waist	 and wear size 10/12 jeans.I ordered the extra large and it fits awesome! I feel like a total vixen in this piece and would order again""	review_date"
"My wife is 5.2\ and 135LB	 fits her good	 have had some good nights with it! "
"I wasn't really in love with this	 but the boyfriend was and really	 that's why I bought it :). And it was nothing about it that I didn't like. I've just never worn lingerie and didn't feel super sexy in it. But it fits well and is soft on the skin.	review_date"
"Christ this thing is uncomfortable. Its not very flattering either unless you are standing up straight and dont move. It moves around too easily.	review_date"
"This held up quite well for me. Looked super sexy and was very easy to get our of. I've used it 3 times now and can now see that the boob connector jewel piece is starting to lose hold of it's fabric. That's okay though seeing as I've gotten good use out of it. :)	review_date"
"Extremely sexy. As a guy	 this my favorite piece of lingerie my wife has ever worn. Quality is as expected for the price.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3\	 150lbs	 and a 36DD and I would have been better off with a large. The material is stretchy enough where I can still wear it but definitely too small for my boobs. oh well""	review_date"
"The top piece was broken when I received it. I am short (5 feet) so the length was a little longer than expected. Overall it was a very sexy piece of lingerie.	review_date"
"She didn't really get to keep it on long enough for me to do a fair review...LOLThat said	 it fit fairly well	 although the defining line for the bustline was a bit too high.	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit	  but it does run long.  Order a smaller size	 if you're short waisted order possibly two sizes down.	review_date"
"The item itself is beautiful	 but it doesn鈥檛 even come close to fitting properly unless you have a long torso. I read so many reviews and answered questions regarding fit and decided I needed a medium. It fit everywhere but the chest. It didn鈥檛 even cover a third of me. I will be returning it. Super disappointed.	review_date"
"So unique and sexy!! Looks great on	 almost as good as the pic and I dont have a body that toned	 haha!	review_date"
"I bought the White Flower/ Wine Red color. The flowers were beautifully embroidered! Gave to my friend for her lingerie shower and she loved it (after she laughed hysterically of course).	review_date"
"Fits well. For the price	 it was prettier than I thought it would be. The blue color was perfect. I ordered small. For reference	 I am not super busty (34C) nor do I have a massive rear. I鈥檓  5鈥?鈥? size 2.	review_date"
"Very nice but you get what you pay for	 center piece broke off easily.	review_date"
"My wife didn't like it.  Made her feel sub-conscious*. I won't really elaborate more than that.  *She looks great in anything	review_date"
"Horrible quality!  Sequins broke as I took it out of packaging! Would return it but not worth it after they take out the shipping fee!  Have to figure out how to \fix\"" it.....glue gun won't work either....tried it already!  Very cheap quality! !""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a bit taller so I expected it to be short	 and it was. I鈥檓 5 foot 11 inches. Otherwise I love the look and feel of it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a good product only if you have big breasts. It鈥檚 not that it looked ugly on me. The fit was fine. I鈥檓 about 4鈥?1鈥欌€?and weigh close to 109	 32B.	review_date"
"Runs a bit small. Ordered her usual medium and coulda used a large. But the hotness was still in full force.	review_date"
"Very cute	 but quality isn't that great if you have large breasts.  It is also tight around the hips.	review_date"
"It's a little small	 I'm almost 6'	155lbss and ordered a large. It still fits but snug.	review_date"
"Fits well. A little small (I'm 5'5\	 128lbs	 34D) but stretchy enough. The rose red is a lighter pink. Cute but not a sexy color""	review_date"
"i ordered a small and im a 36dd and 24 waist. amazing-gurl	 go wear this on your next apt!	review_date"
"Looked great for one wear	 and then the little clasp in the front broke upon trying to take it off. Don't recommend buying	 as the material and quality is super cheap. Should have expected as much from the amount I paid.	review_date"
"Came in a clear plastic bag which I like and came quickly! To give you an idea I am 5'4 147 lbs and wear 36C (cup size) . I purchased it in medium but honestly I should've gotten it in large it's just a tad smaller than I would like for my bust area but the thong part fits comfortable not to tight and honestly it looks super sexy on !! Can't wait to wear for my significant other 馃槉	review_date"
"Loved it	 nice material. Quality packaging.  No too mention it looks great on.  However	 I am very heavy chested 34DDD and a little more material on the chest area is really needed	 but for a smaller chest size I'd think it would perfect.	review_date"
"I bought this for a girl I'm no longer with ... it looked stunning on her new fake boobs. Unfortunately I can't enjoy it but I'm sure other dudes are getting some use out of it 	 you're welcome fellas. Cheers!	review_date"
"Super cute	 but all string in the back. I agree with others in that the front panels are too long in the torso from the top to bottom claps. You can only tighten it so far at the top before it is pulling at the crotch	 made for implants maybe.	review_date"
"Let鈥檚 just say as long as you get the right size	 she will look sooo good. Choose wisely.	review_date"
"We both loved it! Fit great. I ordered a small	 I'm 5'8	 129 lbs	review_date"
"This fits soooo well!	review_date"
"This fits like it was made for a much shorter person. I'm 5'5\	 30D and it fits perfectly except for the length. The clasp that's supposed to be slightly under the boobs is above them.""	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and I am 5'7 130lbs and it fit perfectly! I love this and feel confident wearing it! Can't wait to surprise my husband.	review_date"
"I'm sure it would look better if on a mannequin.. If you have any curves	 this will not fit properly	review_date"
"Nice piece but not for someone 5鈥?.  I needed about three to four more inches on my height for it to pull it off	review_date"
"If you have a long torso you're good to go.  I do not so it didn't fit right.	review_date"
"Too loose in the abdomen area. Gotta have really long torso to wear this	review_date"
"I really loved this but it ended up breaking after wearing it a few times be careful!	review_date"
"Looks nice but runs small if you have larger hips.  Top is adjustable	 making it easy to fit	 however bottom was snug on abdomen.  Overall	 decent quality for the price.	review_date"
"Peace on top broke within 1st wear. but other then that it was ok	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 140 pounds I got black in a medium	 probably should've gotten a small cuz it's a little loose but it fits in the boobs for me cuz I'm a 34DD . The left strap area where the gems are aren't aligned well w/ the right side but it's not noticeable	review_date"
"She looks fabulous and she says it makes her feel sexy. Is there anything left to say??	review_date"
"Beautiful little thing! I like the quality of the lace and its comfortable.	review_date"
"Was totally surprised with how cute this was for such a great price	review_date"
"Color is NOT right.  Arrived and its a duller and darker blue... disappointment	review_date"
"Husband loves it.	review_date"
"Runs small	 I buy all my lingerie is small usually but this piece is smaller than normal. I suggest going up a size. I am a full B and the middle conection was almost to close and didn't give enough room.	review_date"
"Avidlove Lingerie.......lost for words at the moment.... So sexy it literally Hurts!  Thank you!	review_date"
"Well	 the title kind of covers it. Ishop with my fingers. The material is not soft to touch. The breast portion is very slippery I could barely stand there to put it on and keep it in place much less have any activity.	review_date"
"Definitely enjoy this very much. Very sexy and lacy. It does come in other colors as well. Wash before use (maybe several times) because it does have that factory smell and will linger around for a bit :/	review_date"
"Looks great! Beware if you are tall - i bought medium but is too small for me since I have a long torso- I large Will have been perfect :/I don't think I can even use it.	review_date"
"If you have bigger breasts the top isnt gonna fit right.	review_date"
"Does not fit well on the tummy.  Not what I expect.	review_date"
"It's too long in the  torso area which makes it bulge out creating an unflattering appearance.I wouldn't recommend it to someone under or near 5ft with a small frameHight: 4ft 10inWeight: 116lbWaist: 27in	review_date"
"Love love love. They are a little big on my face but overall I'm satisfied.	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVE this piece!!!! I ordered a medium and it fit amazing. I鈥檓 usually a medium or large	 depending on if it has adjustable straps. It is so cute and the color (blue) is awesome. The fabric seems pretty sound and well put together. The price is definitely reasonable. Thinking I might order the other colors.	review_date"
"Love this! I'm 5'2 135lbs and I got a small. Followed the reviews and they said it ran big	 I'm normally a medium in most things	 so I ordered a small and it fits like a glove!! Comfy too!	review_date"
"Awesome buy. It looked just like the model and I felt confident wearing it. Size fit perfectly. Just a heads up that the underwear part is a g string so if you鈥檙e uncomfortable with that it might not be for you. Though	 how long are you really going to be wearing it anyway?	review_date"
"I have to say this ran pretty small for me in the bust area and very short in the torso area. For reference I am 5'3\ tall with a longer torso	 36D bust size. That said coverage isn't exactly the point of it. The material was really soft so I appreciated that! Husband was very happy!""	review_date"
"I can't really complain. It is	 what it is...	review_date"
"So sexy fits great in 5'2\ 115lbs and looks amazing.My man loved it.""	review_date"
"I made the mistake of ordering a M... I should have order a L instead. It's defenetely sexy	 but once you take it of the strings in the back gets tangle. I will not order again.	review_date"
"Don't waste your money. Doesn't fit correctly and no sewn well at all.	review_date"
"MY GIRLFRIEND LOVES ITAND SO DO IWOW	review_date"
"it is a nice piece of lingerie but it gets tangled really bad. I do not know if it is the material but once you get it out of the package it is hard to untangle to get on.	review_date"
"Wife looks amazing in it. I cant take my eyes off of her	review_date"
"The stringy parts kept getting tangled up and got really frustrating and the lace ended up tearing anyways. But for the first wear	 I looked amazing!	review_date"
"The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 star is because the front thingy is questionable. I don鈥檛 know how long it will last but overall I like it and fits great on me.	review_date"
"Hubby loved it! I'm an 8/10 and 6'0 tall. I ordered a 2XL and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a curvy woman and my hubby loved it. It fits pretty well but as expected it squeezes in some areas	review_date"
"My wife looked amazing in this and we had a lot of fun. I like the straps on the side and the way it shows her off. Color is very nice.	review_date"
"Es bastante fragil	 pero se ve estupendo.	review_date"
"This piece is incredibly sexy but the straps at the bottom get somewhat tangled too easy so I untangled them and sewed them in place. The straps work better now but should be a little wider to prevent tangling. My boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125 pounds	 so I decided to go with the small. It fits wonderfully everywhere aside my pelvic area in which it was tight. There鈥檚 two sets of strings around the torso and neck for support. Otherwise	 this makes you feel so confident in your skin. I was doubtful but I鈥檓 glad I purchased it. :)	review_date"
"I'm about to purchase a couple more!	review_date"
"The packaging was great and arrived on time and in perfect condition.I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? weigh 167lbs with slightly bigger hips/thighs and a large was pretty perfect on me. The length can be adjusted from the neck strings but the material on the strings that wrap around the hips are not as stretchy as I would鈥檝e wanted. Plus	 with this one	 you have to be a bit more careful because of the beautiful little rhinestone accents in the front... you cannot stretch those areas out much! All my other orders from this seller have been large	 but on this one	 I think I would鈥檝e felt a bit more comfortable with an XL... but I鈥檓 gonna make it work! Because its so sexy and I did fit pretty good"
"Too short for me and my long torso. Would work for someone with a shorter torso	review_date"
"This bodysuit fit as expected! I would recommend purchasing worth the price!	review_date"
"Sexy but doesn鈥檛 wash well	review_date"
"Again clothing delivered in a baggy unbelievable!!!	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Part of the rhinestone part broke after the second try on. Definitely not made for women with breasts larger than a B cup. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 140 and got the small. It fits most everywhere except the chest area is a bit small. Very cute lingerie	 otherwise!	review_date"
"Not super high quality but for the price I  didn't expect it to be. I  am 5'7\ 130# and bought a medium. A large would have been more comfortable length and hip wise. So if you are looking at this to purchase I  would size up for sure.""	review_date"
"Kinda tall for a 5'-0\ girl.  I bought a small and it would fit a woman about 5-5 to 5-9""	review_date"
"Doesnt fit to tall women	review_date"
"I thought it was going to be a little bit better quality but you get what you pay for. It was way small and it was not flattering at all	 Especially for women with bigger breast.	review_date"
"Beautiful garment	 very sexy!!!! Item was delivered on time and not damaged in any way. My husband absolutely loved it. I鈥檓 checking out other items and will possibly be ordering again.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this	 and my boyfriend did too.. bought a piece from Victoria seceret and I love this a lot more. I鈥檓 a 130LBs and I鈥檓 5鈥? I order small. Probably could of ordered an extra small because you tie the neck and back piece light a swim suit so it鈥檚 adjustable	 just a little loose in the stomach	review_date"
"my wife love it. fit as expected for her.expectation awesome. affordable price	review_date"
"Super sexy	 fit was perfect. Although i wear a medium i order this in large because I鈥檓 Top heavy. Perfect	review_date"
"I like it and will wear to a bar even	review_date"
"Sexy but way too small. It also isn鈥檛 made for bigger woman. I鈥檓 a size 16 and about 5鈥?. I order a XXL but it was short in length (on my torso) and it was tight. The strings dig into my hips a bit too much.	review_date"
"This is cute but it runs so small it's ridiculous. I got a XXL \u0026 I AM 5'8 w 36 D breasts. The top literally covered my nipples and that was it. It came in a good amount of time but just overall cheap material	review_date"
"All my Husband said was DAMN!!!! He loves it 	 I鈥檓 truly satisfied with this piece ....my husband went nuts馃お馃お	review_date"
"Bought this one piece for my wife as a small gift and man	 was it good for both of us. I love it!!! If it were proper to do so	 I鈥檇 post a picture but I don鈥檛 think that would go over too well  in my household or on Amazon.	review_date"
"Love the fit. I felt very sexy in this. My boyfriend loved it as well.	review_date"
"Looks great very sexy	review_date"
"Overall very sexy! I am 5'4 measurements 36	30	41. I am a pear shape body and have larger hips and smaller upper half. The top fit me great although the stomach area is somewhat airy not baggy per say. The bottom was a bit tight	 but not to the point where I can not wear it	 but I could feel the panty tight around my hips.	review_date"
"It was somewhat small	 but I still wore it and great material!	review_date"
"Can't tell you how amazing this looks on my fit wife	review_date"
"Pleasantly surprised. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 120 lbs but I have a long torso. One piece swimsuits are hard for me to find so I was nervous to order this. It fits well	 especially bc it鈥檚 a halter you can easily adjust.	review_date"
"This is really cute and fits well. I was a bit worried at first	 but I do like it.	review_date"
"It came and was better quality than expected. I havent worn but looks like it could be worn more than once. Fits to size.	review_date"
"tiny tiny tiny. and I ordered a 2x wayyyyyy to small. Going to give this to my itty bitty friend it should fit here	 but shes maybe a medium	 and this is supposed to be a 2x. it's not.	review_date"
"Fits like a dream. Very seductive. Bae loved it on me. He asked me to wear it again.	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"I'm so shocked about the quality and sizing! It's perfect! For the price I'm just so impressed	 I was dreading getting this because I knew it wouldn't fit and it did like a dream! Definitely buying all my lingerie from them.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this. I've ordered a few lingeries off amazon and this is definitely the best one. It fits great	 easy to put on	 it's soft and stretchy.	review_date"
"This fit as well as I was hoping it would (being that it鈥檚 one piece). I鈥檓 VERY pear shaped (5鈥?鈥?around160lbs-B cup bra) so I knew one end would fit much better than the other. I do NOT recommend this if you have a less-than-perky or large chest.	review_date"
"Excellent service	  very fast	 good price	 I like it. Or course 5 stars for you!!!	review_date"
"Does the job... I'm 170 pounds tall 5'9 size 10... Extra large.. Perfect	review_date"
"Sexy! I orders black.  I鈥檓 going to order more in other colors.Order one size up.	review_date"
"So comfy and soft	 fits perfectly and is adjustable. Super gorgeous and easy on the eyes. I love it so much	 I want it in more colors!	review_date"
"Amazing Product	review_date"
"5'5 145lbs ordered medium and fits well.	review_date"
"This is definitely for a tall torso	 fits perfectly and it is very sexy	 I鈥檓 5	6	review_date"
"It took me a couple of tries to figure out how to tie it	 but once on it was very sexy.	review_date"
"Me and my wife love this lingerie	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful! If you are top heavy	 this doesn't have enough material to support you. Good quality materials and workmanship.	review_date"
"Very Sexy	review_date"
"cranberry attractiveflattering and fungood price	review_date"
"Returned...really didn鈥檛 like the little metallic details.	review_date"
"Muy peque帽o de ancho	 si eres bajita con copa C te va a quedar mal arriba.	review_date"
"Bought it for my daughters honeymoon. She liked it and no complaints lol	review_date"
"My husband loved this for Valentine鈥檚 Day. Looks as pictured and was comfortable!	review_date"
"I didn't receive the full order.	review_date"
"A little too big.	review_date"
"It very cute but it was so tangle up I couldn't get it untangle so I just put it back in the bag	review_date"
"Well made	 love it !!	review_date"
"Fit her well	 we enjoyed it	review_date"
"Very soft and relatively sexy	review_date"
"I鈥檓 pleased with my purchase. Would recommend. Good for 10 minutes of tipsy laughing and confusion to put it on before doing a horribly awkward sexy dance your husband asks you to stop because it鈥檚 ruining the mood. 10/10	review_date"
"Ordered based off of size chart and it was large. But the proportions were off. The waist was very long and the neck tie was very long. The width was great. I am long waisted and it was long on me. It is made pretty well and not uncomfortable to wear.	review_date"
"Material is actually pretty good quality	 and it fits exactly as demonstrated in the product photo.	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Looked amazing	review_date"
"Very sexy and a nice fit! The hubby fed liked it :)	review_date"
"Great fit	 even for small busts. The garment was great quality for the price as well.	review_date"
"beautiful but doesnt fit. The top was made wrong and can not be fixed.	review_date"
"I'm actually surprised this fit. It was a little too short around the neck but otherwise comfortable. My measurements are 50-35-50 and it fits quite snug. I'm 5\4 265lbs. And I got a 2XL""	review_date"
"Gorgeous and fun! Great fit!	review_date"
"Cute and sexy.  Fit me well	 I'm 5'6\ and 114 lb.""	review_date"
"Got this for my wife and honestly it fit great	 looks exactly as trashy hot as i wanted her to so 5/7 perfect score.Oh and what is the model doing with her hands in the third picture?	review_date"
"Too long wasted	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Friend bought this	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Haven鈥檛 worn yet. But beautiful I	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 look good on girls with large hips and a small chest. He didn鈥檛 like it. I've spent the last hour crying over it.	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Love it especially for the price.	review_date"
"Incredible	review_date"
"Very cute!	review_date"
"Sexy ! But didn鈥檛 have it on very long lolFit perfectly	review_date"
"This outfit fits like it looks and that is great!	review_date"
"OMG. SO HOTT!!	review_date"
"Lovely	 and sexy!	review_date"
"Everything came fine and it fit well but the clips are very cheap so you have to be careful it's like the jewelry from party city	review_date"
"Worth what you pay.	review_date"
"Nice item	review_date"
"( 5'6\ / 120lbs / 32-B ) ordered medium	 fits fine. Don't think it'd work if you have large breasts.""	review_date"
"Run a little big. Super stretchy. But sexy and nice material.	review_date"
"Beautiful !	review_date"
"Runs small. Sexy for a little while and then becomes uncomfortable	review_date"
"I鈥檓 small. 5鈥?	 115lbs.. 32b... 34	25	32 and a small fit perfect	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"It looks great on. The tie strings are short. It is made of very thin lace. Probably won't last after more than a few washes. Stretches well though. One of the few teddies I can wear on my longer torso.  5'8\	 128lbs	 32D.""	review_date"
"The seam runs right down the middle and leaves a horrible camel toe despite not being tight. I wish the seam was in a different spot. Also	 the back of this outfit was horrendous. Very cheaply made and not flattering at all. Maybe someone with a big butt and boobs can pull this off	 but definitely not for a skinny girl like me.	review_date"
"Loved it! Fit great!	review_date"
"It is ok quality but worth for money	review_date"
"Very pretty! The bottom part was not very stretchy so it was kind of snug. Maybe go up a size to ensure a comfy fit.	review_date"
"This was difficult to get into. The two strings on the side would get tangled. Just make sure you have enough time to de-tangle and put it together.	review_date"
"I'm not skinny in the least. About 5'2 190 lbs so I really had low hopes but it fits very well and it goes with my curves and because I have 40D breasts it actually ended up really cute	review_date"
"Sexy and fun!	review_date"
"kind of small	review_date"
"Cute little number	 but the few links between the greats snapped upon putting it on. Donuts not meant for curvy women or big busts.	review_date"
"Very sexy鈥? set well but in the  chest wiss a little bit small my boyfriend Loved it	review_date"
"Cant say gift	review_date"
"Fit is perfect and is as described. Quality is good.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5\ 124lbs	 the small fit perfectly! Great prpduct for price!""	review_date"
"4 NOT THE LOOK I WANTED	review_date"
"I'm 5'9\ maybe 5'10\"" and slim	 I purchased a medium. The body suit was uncomfortably short for my body. It fit around me just fine. Material is soft. It's not constructed from the finest materials	 but it gets the job done.""	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"For the most part I like this only problem is it must be made for someone with a long torso which is not me. Fabric hangs there in middle.but my hubby loves it馃槣	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on a girlfriend	review_date"
"Perfect fit and comfortable	review_date"
"Nice product but you need a long torso to look cute in that lingerie.	review_date"
"small	review_date"
"I liked the overall outfit but if you don鈥檛 have a long torso or if you don鈥檛 mind tying it around your neck to give it extra length than you should try it. I bought a medium and it was too long but I still wore it.	review_date"
"Awesome buy!! Very well made and fits my wife as expected	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit right the torso part is too long	review_date"
"So comfy and cute!	review_date"
"If I need to tell you what I liked most about it	 then			"
"The bottom part was so twisted that I can't get the straps untangled. Hopefully by the time I intend to use it	 I'll figure it out.	review_date"
"Wish it were true to size	 Medium fits like XSmall... Will buy again size up. Very sexy piece	review_date"
"My wife looks great in it . I like how her breast look and shows nipples too . its good for the money and our roommate likes it he told me he came home early from work and seen her sleeping in chair and told me how he was looking and said I sm a lucky man	review_date"
"abolute muste have so sexy	 especially for long torso	review_date"
"one strap got cut when trying it on. now its sitting there somewhere.haven't enjoyed it	review_date"
"Fit well. boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Material has some stretch to it. I ordered to my normal underwear/bra size.	review_date"
"Awsome. Will do business again soon thank u	review_date"
"This is seriously the worst! Iv been waiting for this and it's completely broken! A strap is broken and the jewels are broken too. Do not buy this item it's a waste of ur money. It's cheaply made . I want my money back	review_date"
"Beautiful	 it鈥檚 great a little bit short from top to bottom	review_date"
"I am petite and a little hippie this fit just as I expected it too. The quality was great too	review_date"
"My girl look fine asf in this.	review_date"
"My husband bought a size a little small but I still like this outfit.	review_date"
"Cut into my hips! I'm athletic with a tight waist but have bigger hips. This looked so odd on me. I tired it on again a few days later and the rhinestone part snapped when I barley pulled on it with my hands. I didn't like this at all	"
"Works Great! Received product faster then expected!	review_date"
"Really cute.	review_date"
"My wife looked awsome in this she wore it for my birthday. Thanks.	review_date"
"TOO Small please order a higher size than you wear.	review_date"
"It was ok they suggested a s/m but I decided an xl and it was almost perfect one of the straps were not attached but that was an easy fix with a sewing needle and thread I would go a size or 2 up	review_date"
"I love it right fit	review_date"
"The middle part fits too loosely on my torso. definitely made for tall/longer people. I'm 5'2\	 123lbs""	review_date"
"Excellent article!	review_date"
"I'm a 38DD and ordered an XXL.. it was too small in the cup size but other then that it was decent. Not my favorite piece of lingerie but if you have a smaller chest then I'm sure it is adorable! The lace feels great against my skin!	review_date"
"Super impressed	review_date"
"Love the way this fit's so cute an sexy even with big boob 36 DD so i got an Xlarge and it first perfect snug where it needs to be ya now what I mean	 Love the bright pink didn't think I would but I love this!!!!!!!	review_date"
"Would suggest ordering a size up. 1st one was a bit small. Did order another one.	review_date"
"Bought an XXL and it fit perfect! I usually wear 14-16. Not much to this and it ties around you so it allows for more room. Excellent value. Husband LOVED it!	review_date"
"Bien	review_date"
"Bought this for my sister as a bridal shower gift. My sister loved it !	review_date"
"Not suited for tall or thick women.	review_date"
"Very flattering even if you're thicc! I'm always afraid to buy lingerie because I'm an awkward fit	 but I was really pleasantly surprised by how great this looked on. I would imagine it works on a wide array of body types.	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Ties around the neck and back (kinda cheap strings) less boob coverage than it appears I鈥檓 a 36c. Otherwise as expected	 satisfied.	review_date"
"Cute	 but doesn't wash very well.	review_date"
"It arrived today. Over all love the piece \u0026 love the lace. But I am very disappointed in the top part 馃槥. Way to small. I can not wear this 馃槱. I don't recommend if you are in a DD bra 馃槥	review_date"
"I usually wear Medium	 But I got a large for this one and it was good. Good quality. Worth for price.	review_date"
"yummy fit!! Hubby loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"If you're larger then a DD. Don't bother. It is decently made	 however the chest portion was tiny. I even bought the XXL even though I normally only wear M/L.  But I am  36EE OR F	 and the top of the chest section only just reached nipple. Quite funny and all but didn't fit for what I wanted.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Very nice she loved it	review_date"
"Fits great! Extremely cute too!	review_date"
"Bought a large fits like a small	review_date"
"I was so excited to give this to my friend for her bachelorette gift but was disappointed when I opened the package. There is a missing rhinestone. Also	 it runs very small. Fits like an XS-S. Will be returning.	review_date"
"I got this for the wife and it was perfect in every way...	review_date"
"Very surprised it fit so well for the price. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Love it! My husband really loves it! Fits true to size. Very sexy!	review_date"
"My girl loves this. I love the way she looks in it.	review_date"
"Not good if you have a baby pooch. It accentuates it	review_date"
"Looks and feels awesome! I surprised my girlfriend with it and she loved it! Will look into more products from this company with peace of mind!	review_date"
"I'm 5'10 and 150 and usually rompers or one pieces are too short in the torso. I usually wear medium but listened to other reviews and bought large and it fights perfect.	review_date"
"it was a little small but  hey for that price im not mad	review_date"
"I gorbjust what I expect! Can鈥檛 wait to wear it	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 decent	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 approximately 215 lbs	 \u0026 a C cup. I ordered an XXL. It fits good but was a little small in my chest area	review_date"
"Nice fabric but a bit large...next time will size down	review_date"
"As far as the product	 it鈥檚 great. However I would say not best for those with large breasts as they don鈥檛 fit very well and to me it looks a little odd. But still sexy and will work	review_date"
"All depends on the woman size.	review_date"
"Looks like you purchased it in the 99 cent store	review_date"
"Go one size up.	review_date"
"Great quality and perfect size. Would buy again	review_date"
"Sewn noticeably crooked	review_date"
"My wife looks really good in this outfit. I'm happy I got it for her	review_date"
"Fit nice	review_date"
"Love the material and the way the bottom of it fit.Unfortunately my upper half is hard to fit. If they made the breast size a little bigger	 it would have fit perfectly	review_date"
"Sizes run kinda small. I would not recommend this to another girl with a large bust	review_date"
"Super sexy. Love it.	review_date"
"Cheaply made.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Husband loved it!	review_date"
"Great lingerie for cheap.  Cant complian.	review_date"
"it ripped easily... but it was sexy while it lasted.	review_date"
"so sexy! thin material	 but makes you feel confident and sexy with your body. fits as expected i鈥檓 usually a small but i have a bigger butt so i got a medium and that works perfect!	review_date"
"Good lingerie at a reasonable price.	review_date"
"Made a great gift was really nice	review_date"
"She loves it	review_date"
"Very sexy on my wife perfect	review_date"
"Terrible	 don't waist your time	review_date"
"so friggen darling! worth the buy!	review_date"
"one of my best buys	review_date"
"Super cute!! Only thing is is it runs small!! The top half is a nice stretchy material but the bottom thong part IS NOT STRETCHY	 I鈥檓 5鈥? and 145lbs	 I鈥檓 normally a small (witch is what I got) but I just recorded again but only a medium	 keeping my fingers crossed!!	review_date"
"Better than expected! Fits as it looks in the pic. Beautiful and true to size!!!	review_date"
"she liked it.	review_date"
"Smaller than I would have liked.	review_date"
"Fits great love it!!馃槂	review_date"
"It is well made and fits about like you would expect. However it is very tight across my chest and I have an A cup. It's so tight that the lace pulls. I am 5'6 and 180 pounds. I ordered the large.	review_date"
"Item was damaged when received. One of the ties needed to put it on was missing entirely. Also I ordered 2 sizes up and it was still small...	review_date"
"Nice piece	review_date"
"This was really cute! It was packaged well and didn't feel cheap.	review_date"
"I couldn't wait to get this! Ordered it for a special occasion. It's absolutely beautiful! The lace is good quality and the rhinestones on the top and bottom string add a pretty detail. It's also crotchless	 with two strings at the bottom instead of one. I'm 5 8\	140	 and a C cup. This fit great	 if your bust was bigger than that though	 it made be harder to adjust up top. The bottom made me the happiest. I have bigger hips and butt and the bottom side strings didn't cut into me AT ALL. Very happy with this purchase. Will buy from them again.""	review_date"
"I'm 5' 11\ and 38C and the XL fits great! It's a little loose in the middrift area but nothing to complain about! I was worried it wasn't going to fit around the length of my body but it's comfortable and looks great! Definitely a good product for an excellent price""	review_date"
"Yes lord!!	review_date"
"love it open bottom	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥? 105	 34D	 perfect fit	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"I love the light teal color one I purchased	 pretty sure it would pop against any skin tone. Reall liked how it hugged onto her body the material on the outfit is nice and is made well. She loves it too.	review_date"
"The quality was less than I expected. Very thin.	review_date"
"Thank you good product. Nice sitting.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Still works for me!	review_date"
"It was a little big but still got the job done	review_date"
"He was happy.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 fit was great	review_date"
"Loves how it hugs my body 馃槉...my husband loves it even more ...one look and he was standing at attention 馃槒	review_date"
"Little big around my tummy. other than that it fits so nice and its comfy! I love that the straps are adjustable! SO CUTE! I got a size medium and im 5'6 and usually wear a small or medium in tops and small in bottoms. Hope this helps!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"This fits my wife perfectly!	review_date"
"I will be buying more!	review_date"
"Is nothing like the picture and fits small and poorly made.	review_date"
"Soft and stretchy! Love the color it was just like the picture	review_date"
"Perfect ! My girlfriend very Happy 馃き馃構馃榿	review_date"
"First lingerie that fit my longer body. Super sexy. Loved it	review_date"
"Wife liked	review_date"
"Eh	 Could have been better!	review_date"
"Fit great	review_date"
"Very strange on me. Especially on the backside. I think it may be cause I am short.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Nice for the occasion. Fits somewhat small so go up a size.	review_date"
"looked great	review_date"
"i am 5'6 140 A cup breast i got a small and it fits amazingly it makes me feel sexy i love it	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits true to size. I ordered size small. 5'4\ 118lbs""	review_date"
"Very cute but cheaper.	review_date"
"My wife found the fit perfect and said it was very comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"Poor quality material. did not fit well. But okay for the price.	review_date"
"Didn't fit	review_date"
"GF loves this one	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"I ordered it last minute for a trip	 and it broke before I even got to wear it. Even though it's not expensive	 it was definitely a waste of money.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"It is so cute	 adorable 	 but I usually wear small and I ordered my size but it came some how small	review_date"
"The piece across the front broke but it was really cute before that happened and that was just from me trying it on	review_date"
"If youre short i dont recommend buying this. Its made for women with long torsos.  Didnt fit right at all	 the middle part is too large for anyone under 5'4 and the little diamonds are very cheap and poorly attached.	review_date"
"Very satisfied	review_date"
"Good look!	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 and 134Ibs. 32B and 40hip i fit perfectly in medium size.	review_date"
"The is very sexy	 husband loved it the most	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"Does the job!! The sweet des roll up a bit but it鈥檚 really hot on.	review_date"
"Cute! I ordered one size bigger a medium and fit well normally i wear a small	review_date"
"This thing was tiny. I wear lg/xl and got a 2x to be safe. It would fiit my 10 year old	review_date"
"Al usarlo se ve muy bien!	review_date"
"Ordered the correct size.  Fits my top but unfortunately waist string too loose and just hangs. Sad馃槦	review_date"
"It is past the day of return so I'm stuck with it now. It was way too small.	review_date"
"I bought an xL because I have a big booty	 unfortunately	 I have small boobs 34 B. It was too large at the top and was too small on the bottom. The panties were all up in my lady parts. But it still did the job! Lol	review_date"
"Incredibly sexy!! Bought this in two colors because I'm obsessed with the how great this product is!!!	review_date"
"I ordered a small. It was tiny over my boobs I didn't mind that I have larger boobs. But it was really long and hung loosely over my stomach because of how long it was. It's cute I just wish it fit me length wise better	review_date"
"really cute but runs a little big	review_date"
"Good purchase	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"beautiful product	 nice lace material	 only thing is that the center area is a bit loose but i just tied it tighter on top.	review_date"
"I am a 38 D and going into this I expected my boobs to be too big for this and and I was right. But it is soft	 comfortable and fun. It is also very good quality.	review_date"
"Fit nicely but it is a little complicated. My wife does not wear it much.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 even for us thick chicks 馃槝	review_date"
"awesome will not stay on your partner for long.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"This is thin lace but very cute.. for the price it is worth it.. bought for a bridal gift. She loved it	review_date"
"Super sexy and my husband loved it	review_date"
"Feels weird to wear.	review_date"
"She's 5'4\	 105lbs	 34 B.  Small fit perfect.""	review_date"
"My wife looks hella sexy in this!	review_date"
"I loved it! Fit perfectly and HE was totally satisfied. I just may get another in a different color. I got the black	 it seemed so tiny when I opened the package big for to size. I got a Medium and I'm 64\ and 150.""	review_date"
"Fits well	 even sexier on	review_date"
"Fit well enough . Liked this a lot.	review_date"
"Love! Fits very nice.	review_date"
"Ordered the small	 fit decent enough to keep.	review_date"
"Beautiful and fits well. Good material. Only thing is decorative front closure clasp broke. Not a big deal	 just used some super glue and good as new. Good product.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits good and it鈥檚 very sexy. Going to get another color.	review_date"
"I loved this for my wife!!	review_date"
"Cute but a litle small. go a size up	review_date"
"Good product for the price.	review_date"
"Never imagined getting lingerie on amazon but this piece fit great! I don鈥檛 even have big boobs (between b and c) but my boyfriend still loved it. Also comfortable so I bought in a second color!	review_date"
"Cute for the price. I have a big butt	 so I shouldn鈥檛 be surprised that the bottom was a little snug. Everything else was great.	review_date"
"The material  is super cheap! I literally took it out of the bag and one of the strings ripped. Guess you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"I have no complaints so far. It fits as expected and I really like the color	review_date"
"Super sexy. All I can say is WOW	 best piece I own now. It made me feel super confident and sexy. I鈥檓 5 ft and 110 pounds	 the small fit me perfect.	review_date"
"The material is cheap	 but I expected that for the price. It鈥檚 just Ok.	review_date"
"Super Hot. Bought for wife for Valentine鈥檚 Day. She looks amazing in it. It seems to run a little small.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Especially for the price.  The metal attachment in the front did break off however so I reccomend being gentle.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! I love this and would definitely recommend it! I'm about 5'4	 125 lbs and a small fit like a glove. A very	 very	 revealing glove 鈽猴笍	review_date"
"Little on the snug side	review_date"
"Very sexy on my wife	review_date"
"Only thing that would make it better is if the model came with it	review_date"
"excelente	review_date"
"Great color red. Fit perfect	 true to size. Sexy.	review_date"
"very weird fit	 if your chubby	 it doesn't fit well 	 I ordered it larger because I am chubby	 but it's just too long 	 so it doesn't match up or line up with my body	review_date"
"I really like this	 it was very cute!!	review_date"
"If you have a nipple piercing	 be very careful or use pasties. I found this out the hard way...	review_date"
"Totally HOT!! I feel sexy in this	 my man loves it!!	review_date"
"Very sexy and exotic feel to it. If I was bold enough I would attempt to wear this as a swim suit. fits great	 and I love the criss-cross straps.	review_date"
"My item came on time and my domestic partner absolutely loved it on me. It for great	review_date"
"Too small. Item not as described. Poor quality.	review_date"
"wonderfully sexy	review_date"
"馃憣馃徎	review_date"
"My husband loved it. But it was poorly made Cheap material.	review_date"
"Looks exactly like the picture	 fit perfectly and made my boo thing very happy!	review_date"
"Love it.  It is so sexy and beautiful!	review_date"
"Boyfriend LOVED this!!! Very comfy too!	review_date"
"Great mirror but doesn鈥檛 have a strong enough light	 But that could be because it鈥檚 battery operated. Great travel mirror though.	review_date"
"It's very cute and sexy.  Just a lil flimsy/fragile	review_date"
"I love it. It was a perfect fit for me. For what you paying is totally worth it. I read a lot a reviews complain about the cheap material	 but how many times are you going to wear it	 who cares. I am a 36B	 and 140 pounds. I have a small.	review_date"
"The waist and hip area fit perfectly	 however	 the bust part did not fit. I am a 38 DD and the bra part only covered approximately  1/3 of my boobs. It was a total disappointment for me.	review_date"
"Great for smoothing out 'lumpier' figures.	review_date"
"wonderful item. fits perfectly and the color dead on with picture. very comfortable also.	review_date"
"Sexy party outfit loved it	review_date"
"Not damaged or ugly	 just weird fitting. I have a small chest and i don't have a flat stomach but the stomach part of this was wayy too big	 even when I tied the garmet to fit my chest tight. May be because I have a short torso?	review_date"
"I like it a lot and it's very good quality for the price that it is.	review_date"
"Love love love this outfit!	review_date"
"I am 5'8\ at 130 lbs	 size 36 C cup.  I got a Medium	 and it fit as expected..""	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised that this arrived looking exactly as advertised. I love it for the price!	review_date"
"Didn't fit all that well. Needs to hug the body more. I usually wear an xs to s. I ordered this in s but it's still big on me.	review_date"
"Slutty Hot	review_date"
"Looks very sexy	 but it's a bit too tight around the butt / thighs. Choose size accordingly. Good quality material.	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"Definitely one for someone with perky breasts	review_date"
"Size up!	review_date"
"I love this!  My man loved it too!  Fits perfect.  I am 4'11and 123 lbs curvy.  Order a small.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"Was a bit worried on the fit	 and if it would be cheaply made	 but it was perfect.Got a size M which is what I normally wear.(I'm 5'2 weigh 145lb)	review_date"
"The torso area  fit as I read before purchasing	 loose in the lower ab area. I will still wear it for my husband...	review_date"
"great quality!	review_date"
"The original was to small	 but the guess to up the size	 now fits expected. SO	 it runs approximately a size smaller then you would typically wear.Otherwise love it!	review_date"
"Haven't tried yet but wow. This is a pretty one	"
"Cute sexy	review_date"
"Cheap material	 but it still looks hot. I took some photos in it	 and in theh photos	 you couldn't tell and it looked sex-ay!	review_date"
"Grrrr!!	review_date"
"she'll love it - quick delivery	review_date"
"The quality not that great...	review_date"
"...and yes!	review_date"
"Its cute and fit great! Also great price :-)	review_date"
"This is perfect. Exactly what i expected. Would buy again.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly everywhere else	 but not really a lot of room for my chest haha. Seems a bit flimsy but great for the price. If you have a smaller frame and large breasts	 I'd rethink this one.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Bought this for my girlfriend	 and she looks amazing in it! Highly suggest it for couples that want to spice it up a little.	review_date"
"I've gained weight and was worried about how it would look. Elongates torso and shows and covers nicely in all the right places! If you have large breasts	 might not be the best coverage though!	review_date"
"Very disappointed. This product arrived broke. I through it away before it could even be worn. Don鈥檛 waste your money.	review_date"
"very nice item	review_date"
"Didn't like the fit/style.	review_date"
"Fits great.  Great quality!	review_date"
"Made for someone with a longer torso	 but doesn鈥檛 look bad if a little baggy.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"it fix great for a Large size	 and it looks good on.	review_date"
"Perfect for a bachelorette gift!	review_date"
"I love the color	 but as a full figure woman it just cover me.  I think there should be a larger size for us full figure woman but I will work with it anyway	review_date"
"Sexy outfit	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Looks like advertised. Very fun.	review_date"
"Flattering and decent quality for the price	review_date"
"This item was not made to fit a human. The torso is SOOOO long. The part that is supposed to cover your lady parts is actually almost to your back	 while the part that covers your boobs is itty bitty. Not worth the purchase. I'm returning.	review_date"
"Love walking around in this to entertain my SO	review_date"
"ok fits kind of small	review_date"
"Way to small I ordered 1 size bigger even	review_date"
"The pictures don鈥檛 show the gaping from the breast area to the torso. It鈥檚 not stretchy at all so it doesn鈥檛 conform to your curves. Returned.	review_date"
"The size is marked as a small. When my wife tried it on it was too large. Similar to a size medium.	review_date"
"Exactly as described.	review_date"
"Is really cute and fit well.  It's kind of hard to put on	 lots of loose string ties but overall nice.	review_date"
"Just what I needed	review_date"
"Loved it \u0026 so did husband. I am a 38G so the breast part was small as I expected but the XXL fit everywhere else great. I am 5 feet \u0026 185lbs.	review_date"
"I really like the night ware. I found it to be fitting amd sexy. I love the way it fits.	review_date"
"Sizing chart is incorrect	review_date"
"it's a little small	review_date"
"Arrived damaged	review_date"
"The low cost of this lingerie makes it a great deal. It's very cute and surprisingly sturdy!	review_date"
"Have to say I am very positively surprised with this product! Low price	 good quality and it actually fits as expected. Couldn't be happier!	review_date"
"great fit	review_date"
"its was nice	review_date"
"Super cute	 fit was great!	review_date"
"My wife is looking very SEXY!!	review_date"
"Love It...I love the way it's made the material is nice \u0026 fits so perfect...came just in time...perfect lingerie love it:)	review_date"
"So In Love with this! I feel very sexy! :)	review_date"
"The sizing was a little off but the strings help to be able to adjust it.	review_date"
"The bottom part fits small.  Even though I am 5' 2'' and slim the strings for the bikini were making marks on my skin.  I had to pull them several times to make them longer with the risk or tearing them.  I knew I couldn't get the Margery	review_date"
"Fit exactly as expected and quality was good too!!	review_date"
"Great	 but clips was broken after 1 week	review_date"
"Very soft my husband loved it!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Matetial is super super cheap. Dollar store quality dont waste ur money	review_date"
"Impressed with fit and quality.  Lookes great on.  Hides my baby belly that I hate.	review_date"
"Very flimsy and poorly made. It ripped as soon as I opened the packaging and tried it on. I don't recommend it.	review_date"
"Liked it but it broke where the little metal piece was.	review_date"
"This is cute. Fits as expected. Obviously there's not much to the thing	 but it still looks sexy on. For reference	 I'm 5'2 and 135lbs. Haven't shown the boyfriend yet	 but I'm sure he'll like it.	review_date"
"Fit a little small length wise but other than that it was amazing.	review_date"
"Nice product	review_date"
"Very sexy and fun	review_date"
"Very cute	 only thing is I have bigger breast and the top was a little tight on my breast. Was scared it might break but an overall good buy.	review_date"
"If u are truly a small girl	  with little boobs	 and a short toursel.  Order a small.  This is perfect.  Fits total  awesome. Beautiful	 and sexy!  He will love it on u!	review_date"
"Good quality for the price.	review_date"
"Just as expected!	review_date"
"Love it! She does too super sexy	review_date"
"Very cute but too small.	review_date"
"Buy it!	review_date"
"If I could give this 10 stars	 I would. The quality is amazing	 super soft and it fits perfectly. Super cheap and nicely detailed.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"If you have big boobs u won't like it	review_date"
"very nice	 wife looks amazing in this	review_date"
"Makes even the chunkiest babes look sexy. I love it and so does my boyfriend!	review_date"
"馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"Loved this! Color is more of a baby blue.	review_date"
"Love the color! Soft fabric. Overall very pleased.	review_date"
"This broke the first time I wore it. The clasp in the middle should be able to detach and snap together. Not an expensive product but still not worth it to break on the first use.	review_date"
"The crotch went straight up my vagina. At first I thought maybe it was supposed to be crotchless	 but noooope. Just really poorly designed.	review_date"
"Great fit even better price!	review_date"
"Cheap and small.	review_date"
"She looks amazing!	review_date"
"Beautiful blue color. Sexy but sweet.	review_date"
"Comfortable but material is cheaper and not the same design pattern lol... but i don't recommend if you have extra sag or Short.	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Great quality for the price! I have already bought more of their items. I can buy five of these compared to one Victoria Secret set. WIN!! And he of course doesn't know the difference. Lol	review_date"
"I followed the sizing chart. My boobs popped out from the sides way too much. Was disappointed	 but I would go a size up. Seller wouldn't help when I contacted them.	review_date"
"Color (red) looks great and the lace is beautiful. However	 it is somewhat tiny in the crotch area and is highly uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Very nice	 bought as a gift for my wife.	review_date"
"Read the reviews for sizing. I sized up to medium	 it鈥檚 perfect. 5鈥?	 34C	 114 pounds. Love this!!	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"A mess of string but really cute.	review_date"
"Don't like	review_date"
"love it!!	review_date"
"smell side order next size up	review_date"
"I actually bought 2 items from this seller. But this particular one was true to size. Picture is a little dark but it was the best one I could take at the moment. So far I love it and can't wait to wear it for my boo :)	review_date"
"Worked as expected	review_date"
"Husband absolutely loves it and I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Sexyyyyyy! Fits well!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 very worth it. Get the small if i wear a size 4-5. A medium of u are a size 6-8	review_date"
"Nice quality. Wife loved it. Would buy again.	review_date"
"For true to size!	review_date"
"Great quality	 super sexy!	review_date"
"Not what i thought but not bad still sexy and my man still likes it so no big deal	review_date"
"idk if its just because im short but the part for your boobs comes up too high and the torso is reaaaally long. itchy fabric too	 but its common for that material.	review_date"
"Very nice and not cheap fabric. Nice and soft.	review_date"
"love it. Didn't stay on long but it looked Great!	review_date"
"as expected	review_date"
"A little small and not quite right for me	 but overall pleased with the product itself	review_date"
"Wife loves it.	review_date"
"He loves this! Fits great!	review_date"
"If you have large breast than the top isn't gonna fit/hold them. Other than that the rest of the outfit fits fine. Im just gonna have to find a way to work the boob area before I wear it.	review_date"
"Very sexy. But sized very small. It barely fit	 and I have a small frame: 5'4\ 130lbs 34c""	review_date"
"This was perfect in size	review_date"
"I bought this for a photo shoot with my husband	 and it fit perfect! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?164lbs bust size 34 DD I bought a large! LOVE IT!	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Arrived just as described! Very elegant and sexy	review_date"
"Clasp in the front broke the first time I put it on	review_date"
"Very sexy! Pretty easy to put on	 the back strings get tangled really bad really fast so be careful when removing it and don鈥檛 slide it down try to step out if it.	review_date"
"So normally it's hard to find lingerie to fit right because I have really small boobs. So I was hesitant to buy but I am so glad I did!! Fits perfectly and looks amazing!!	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?DD here also. Much happy to be recognized by my bra size here. The hubby said I look like a whale with tooth floss caressing my A$$holio. So I think he luuuuuvs it	 because that鈥檚 a compliment compared to what he normally says. (Stuff like 鈥淲here鈥檚 my beer?鈥?And 鈥渢his hamburger sucks.鈥? I鈥檓 pretty sure this black stringy thing just saved our marriage. He asked if he could take it for his 鈥渇riend鈥?to try on. I was like	 um	 ok? But his friend is a dude.Also	 I took a selfie of my backside while wearing this and won鈥檛 submit it because it turns out I have a huge backside. Ya鈥檒l don鈥檛 need to see that at all.I also took a selfie of my frontside and it turns out I also have a potbelly. If you all want to see	 I鈥檓 pretty sure I look better than the gal in the ad. And I鈥檓 69 years young!Five stars	 and I will purchase more of these for acquaintances and people at the office. Are these good gifts for college graduates?Thanks Amazon	 and China. Thanks	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"No complaints on my end or my partners	review_date"
"Good quality. Fits as shown.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Definitely worth it!	review_date"
"Fits ok was a bit uncomfortable in areas .	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Flattering. I don't by any means have a bikini ready body and this fit well.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly with ties similar to bikinis to work for multiple body shapes.  Excellent quality	 and super sexy. This is my new favorite outfit for the bedroom	review_date"
"Cute and true to size. Not very durable	review_date"
"Gorgeous!	review_date"
"Super cute I should of went one more size to be crotchless	review_date"
"Bottom fit just fine for being an XXLTop not even close	 wayyy to small	review_date"
"Very sexy!!	review_date"
"I ordered a large as that鈥檚 what the size chart recommended and it didn鈥檛 fit at all like it鈥檚 supposed to. Order a size or two bigger	review_date"
"Very sexy. Loved how it! I鈥檓 5鈥? 102 and the small fit amazing. It ties in the back like a bathing suit for a perfect fit.	review_date"
"My wife loved this. See through	 no support. Super sexy. 5-5 128lbs	 34C	 small fit great. Would buy over and over.	review_date"
"Nice.	review_date"
I loved how it fit my body. It was a little to big around my chest area
"The dark blue is very pretty in person. This outfit didn鈥檛 fit well in the torso if you鈥檙e short I鈥檇 skip this like the other reviewer recommended.	review_date"
"like	review_date"
"The wife loves it.  Fits great and looks sexy	review_date"
"so cute on!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful!  I am 36B cup	 size 10 jeans	 and the large fits perfectly. Fabric and accentuates all the right areas! Can't wait to wear it on the honeymoon! Back of it has a tie that goes around neck and one around bra line (like a string bikini) and then features a thong strap that is actually soft and not very noticeable. Great buy	 was not expecting it to fit so well!	review_date"
"Very good looking.	review_date"
"Ordered the green	 beautiful color	 loved the rhinestones. 5'7\ 143lbs	 36c ordered medium	 fit perfect. Super comfortable	 super sexy!!!""	review_date"
"More appealing .  Yvonne	review_date"
"Fits and looks perfect! A little small length wise but I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?125lbs so that鈥檚 expected. The little rhinestones look beautiful and almost like diamonds. Definitely want to buy more in different colors	review_date"
"She loved it	review_date"
"Ordered Medium and very happy. It fits perfectly. The material is fine. I am Medium size usually	 quite large breasts 34 DDD	 looks really amazing. I would recommend this item	review_date"
"Tried it on but haven't worn it yet.  It is not made for larger chested women	 I barely get coverage of my nipples	review_date"
"Got it for my girlfriend after reading reviews here. Thank you for the prev reviews. Your comments helped me get the right size.	review_date"
"item fit good	 looks great.	review_date"
"You need to order a size larger	review_date"
"she loved	review_date"
"I thought I could get away with it	 but my breast kept falling out.	review_date"
"Fit a bit smaller than expected	review_date"
"Wasn't exspecting much but this actually fits super nicely ! It's exstremely flattering. I highly recommend it.	review_date"
"The picture of this product is fabulousThe sizes is not accurate	even though the product says XL or XXL 	 I bought and it looked like a medium can鈥檛 even fit my wife鈽癸笍鈽癸笍	review_date"
"Great price. Shipped quickly. Looks very good.	review_date"
"I was a little dubious about it but when I got it it was AMAZING. It for perfectly and both me and my boyfriend love it. I would highly recommend it.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 but a bit small again. I鈥檓 slender but needed a bigger size.	review_date"
"Super sexy !! Fit perfect !	review_date"
"AMAZING! Good quality. I鈥檓 kind of curvy but it still fit so well! Love it.	review_date"
"Where do I start  I love this piece its fit perfect bought it for my honeymoon I know my husband is gonna love it	review_date"
"Love the feel and look of this Lingerie on my wife	 she was pleased with this gift.	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks great. Awesome.	review_date"
"I ordered this excited to try it on but it's not made for breasts that aren't perky	 theres no support and honestly it looked ridiculous	review_date"
"Really really nice and sexy good play toy Love it boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"I love the clothing but It said one size fits all and that didn't happen and that life but and I will still shop there again	review_date"
"This is so adorable one of my favorites	review_date"
"Cute but doesn鈥檛 fit how I thought it would :( disappointed..	review_date"
"The product was ok. The little fake diamonds up top where it connects	 that peice was broken :/. Very  unsatisfied with it. Other then that it fit and looked great on my wife.	review_date"
"This lingerie is so cute and fits perfectly. I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"so sexy!	review_date"
"It's very nice and sexy	 but the upper area	 was a bit small. I think I should have gotten at least one more size larger.	review_date"
"Great product! Looks great and good quality material	review_date"
"fit well - i got a small and am 4'11\ / 95lbs. looks great on. have worn it about 5 times now and it has torn a bit but great for the price.""	review_date"
"I liked how it fit馃憤	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Good quality for the price	review_date"
"It came in a nice package but didn't quite might my expectations.  It has two ties in the back	 one behind the back and one behind the neck.  Really difficult for me to tie for it to fit snug	 but enough to keep in place. I have to be careful when taking it off an on as it can easily be inside out or one side twisted so it doesn't fit/look right. One look and I realize the tag is on the outside and have to start all over.  I would never know if I cut that tag off.It's not a bad product	 just not everything I expected.	review_date"
"The price totally reflects what you鈥檙e getting. Runs large. Intended for a curvier figure.	review_date"
"I bought this in green and fit perfect. Ordered in red	 fit like a small. Very dissatisfied due to it being such an adorable piece.	review_date"
"All I can say is YEAH!	review_date"
"Nicely made	 fit as expected	 needs a little adjusting. All in all	 happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Still haven't been able to fully untangle this (it arrived that way).	review_date"
"The material is not good. Kind of uncomfortable	review_date"
"Perfect and flattering.	review_date"
"I was skeptical because of the price	 but I really do like the fabric"
"Super cute!!! I got a medium and it fit everywhere just right true to size	review_date"
"I went a size up and it fit perfectly! Boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Crazy sexy love it!	review_date"
"Exactly what the doctor ordered.... lovely little thing for a lovely lady.	review_date"
"Certainly got the mood right!	review_date"
"Broke the first time it was worn.	review_date"
"Awesome and very sexy	review_date"
"Love it!  Fit well!	review_date"
"i order a small nd it still somewhat big nd it came damage the lil jewl in front it's broken i dont like it.	review_date"
"Great Fit	review_date"
"Wife loves it and it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Perfect for and well made! Love it	review_date"
"The fit was off for me on this product. The two pieces of lace that ran up to the chest were somehow flappy and loose even though I am 5'11''. I imagine on a shorter torso they would be much too long. With the chest properly placed I had to pull the bottom way through and up high in the back to stretch out the front to keep it flat. Even in the largest size	 the breast coverage was extremely minimal. I wear a 36H and thought the design with the tie strap behind the back would give some support but the lace pieces are only a couple inches wide so they couldn't support my chest. I would not recommend this style for anyone looking for even minimal lift/support.	review_date"
"Liked everything and it was a gift for my Beautiful wife	review_date"
"Really looks great!! Excellent fit!! Excellent Christmas gift!!!  Would buy again!! Wife loves it!!	review_date"
"My honey love this one so much that he bought three different colors.	review_date"
"Beautiful!! Great quality and comfortable. I am 4'11 and 118 pounds. The small fit great. Has ties in the back and at neck so it will fit a good range of people who wear small.	review_date"
"SO SEXY!!! And the quality is actually pretty good!	review_date"
"Fit great! 5'3\ 157 lbs \u0026 34DD""	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit at all.  Doesn鈥檛 look good no sexy at all	review_date"
"Fit as expected .  I'm 143 pounds 5'6  I ordered a medium .	review_date"
"5'10\ 140lbs fit nicely""	review_date"
"Bought for a newlywed.  She loved it!	review_date"
"This item fit so well and looks amazing!!! I will definitely buy from them again!!	review_date"
"husband loved it.	review_date"
"Muy agradecida	review_date"
"I ordere an XL but the packaging said it was an XXL. Either way it fit the way i wanted it to.	review_date"
"I loved it!	review_date"
"noootttt super flattering at all	review_date"
"It's not my favorite but its ok.	review_date"
"She loved it	review_date"
"Looks really nice but the size I got was too big. I'm 5'3\ and 130 lbs and I had ordered a medium. Would go for a small next time""	review_date"
"Very sexy! I absolutely recommend it! Ian 5'4 and weigh about 132lbs. and I purchased a medium which fits just right!	review_date"
"sexy comfortable just perfect	review_date"
"It didn't cover my breast it was bearly covering the nipple. But every other area was perfect just the boobs.	review_date"
"I am 5'2 / 135lbs	 I ordered a small and it fits amazing!! I love it and feel super sexy! I will be wearing it for my honeymoon and I know my finance will love it!!	review_date"
"It's not true 2 size	review_date"
"Got it to surprise my husband and he loves it!	review_date"
"It was exactly as pictured and described.	review_date"
"an awesome start to a great night	review_date"
"very pretty	review_date"
"Loved how it looks	review_date"
"Fits great. For the price it is perfect.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? \u0026 145 llbs I order a Medium but should鈥檝e gotten a large.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved the way my significant others body was contoured and shown off in the bedroom. Very much pleased!	review_date"
"Very pretty.	review_date"
"It fits great love it	review_date"
"Super cute! Totally worth the wait	review_date"
"Just a tic small	 very sexy.	review_date"
"super	review_date"
"Omg what a gift to my wife she loved it just fitted it on but dayum ( bitting my fingers) and I quote	review_date"
"Looked really nice	 but size definitely off. Returned with no hassle	 so I'll just keep looking.	review_date"
"Sexy product	 just a bit tight if you are heavy up top!	review_date"
"Loved this! I ordered a medium. I'm 5'6	 34B	 and this fit perfectly. A large would have fit too because it was a little tight in certain areas but not too tight. Good price. Good quality.	review_date"
"I like it a lot	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! I ordered 1 size larger than my normal size because I did not want to be uncomfortable and it is perfect!	review_date"
"Its comfortable and true to size.  Looks great too!	review_date"
"It was sexy on her	 but too small.	review_date"
"This fit well but unfortunately is made poorly. It ripped extremely easily and was only good for one wear.	review_date"
"Just looks great	review_date"
"not much fabric	 small and flimsy. wouldnt recommend	review_date"
"Very disappointed in this product. It is of very poor quality and ill-fitting!	review_date"
"I am 1.55 cm high and it did not serve me. It seems that it is only for tall people as there is tissue left in the length.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but runs to small. Waste of my money but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Super cute! But came with a rip down the front.	review_date"
"I love this. It fits as expected. I got a large and i have a breast size 36 c. And i have hips. It fits perfect.	review_date"
"I loved the color	 and it's super sexy on.	review_date"
"it was really cute. thin but that eas expected. good buy for the price though	review_date"
"The quality is good and i loved it but im an XL and i ordered and XL and it was to small. If a XXXl would of fit perfect i believe.	review_date"
"Super sexy! It fit great and my husband loved it!	review_date"
"It was very sexy would buy from them again	review_date"
"I DONT EVEN HAVE A MAN I WEAR IT FOR MYSELF AND THIS DEF DID NOT DISSAPOINT	review_date"
"The material between the boobs and hips	 so the stomach area	 can be too loose if you slouch. Granted	 this product is trying to fit even those with larger stomachs. Overall good product.	review_date"
"Way too large	 take at least one size smaller	review_date"
"like it	review_date"
"Fits true to size. So cute and sexy. Just be aware there is no inside tie so be sure to tie the belt tight or wear something underneath!	review_date"
"Loved it馃憤	review_date"
"Medium fit perfect for me. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 145. Looking into getting another color. Good quality material and actually pretty comfy.	review_date"
"Great one piece. Its really sexy.	review_date"
"Really liked this and so did my partner.	review_date"
"I love this! It fits nice and it's sexy!! Definitely recommend it	review_date"
"nice. low quality	review_date"
"Great fit. Beautiful	review_date"
"Lingerie is fine. Arrived quickly. But it is not in US sizes. Order 2-3 sizes up.	review_date"
"Super sexy and perfect fit for me. I am 5ft and 120 lbs medium fit perfect.	review_date"
"A nice piece of lingerie. Works better of larger breasted women	review_date"
"Absolutely love this!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"WAY too small. The fabric that was supposed to cover my boobs was only about 1 1/2 inches wide. If you have any size other than an A or B cup I would not recommend!	review_date"
"Ordered a small and VERY happy with it so it the boyfriend!	review_date"
"I bought this for my girlfriend and she loved it and I loved seeing her in it.  She said it fit perfect and looked perfect also	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very Sexy!	review_date"
"125 pound 5'5 small fit great!	review_date"
"middle is too long	review_date"
"Love it fits as expected	review_date"
"Not so comfy	review_date"
"Fit great and a descent quality	review_date"
"Really Nice.	review_date"
"I loved it! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?130lbs B cups and it fit me great a small is good for little boobs!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Its gorgeous! thanks!	review_date"
"Fits one size bigger  Very sexy.	review_date"
"Does run small I love love love this outfit though!!! Xl fits perfectly for 10-12 US girl !!	review_date"
"Ripped easily but it looked good	  my bf loves it when I wear it.	review_date"
"Really sexy	review_date"
"Love this !! Great quality and very sexy !!	review_date"
"bought this for a friend	 she loves it	 took some pics for me in it	 very sexy!!1	review_date"
"great product	 arrive on time	 it fits perfectly	review_date"
"This is beautiful. However it runs small so I would go up a size when ordering.	review_date"
"Runs extremely small!	review_date"
"I wear a size 12 jeans and I bought an XL.  It fit well	 the material was also soft and comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"At first looking at it didnt think it would but in the end it fit great	review_date"
"I liked it	 she looked hot	 it was a bit small	review_date"
"Looks great and surprisingly soft	review_date"
"Did not fit well. Poor quality material and not made for well endowed women 	 i.e. DD. Will return.	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Super sexy. Just ordered another color	review_date"
"Very sexy	 very reveling	 absolutely love it.	review_date"
"The quality was good.... I thought it may be flimsy 馃榾 happy customer	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"Came all twisted I could not untwist strings.....defected!	review_date"
"Perfect	 beautiful	review_date"
"something different and fun	review_date"
"I like this. And loved its	review_date"
"So beautiful	review_date"
"The item is absolutely beautiful	review_date"
"Good Item	review_date"
"it fits perfect on my wife	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"It's too small	review_date"
"Because im a big girl bottom part is in the way of everything...	review_date"
"Fits smaller than said	review_date"
"I'm 5 foot tall or small lol I ordered size S and it fits perfect.	review_date"
"Love it! The color is beautiful.	review_date"
"My fiance loves it!	review_date"
"A little small in the bust area	review_date"
"Cheap	review_date"
"We really liked this.  It is very sexy and fun!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Couldn't believe how perfect it fit and the quality! I am 5'6\	140	 34c and I got a small. So sexy!""	review_date"
"The lingerie is pretty. Fabric is very thin easily snagged. And the fit was very small.	review_date"
"Yes. This is super sexy in front and back	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually an extra small in everything I鈥檓 pretty skinny but it fit well I bought a small :)	review_date"
"This fit perfectly on my wife she looks so hot and sexy with this	 and she love it.	review_date"
"love this but it look a little cheap	review_date"
"Tried it but doesn't feel comfortable	review_date"
"I am 5\3 with a short torso	 it is to long and the extra fabric make it stick out around the stomach area. Making it not that attractive to wear on its own. If you are taller with a long torso than this is for you. It is very well made and the lace is soft on the skin.""	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 wife and I loved it!	review_date"
"This fits uncomfortably small even after ordering a size larger than I normally wear. Also	 it is not flattering if you have big hips because the little strip of fabric seems to over exaggerate how wide your hips are. The upper string holding the two sides together doesn't sit under my boobs	 it sits a tad higher. That in itself is not a dealbreaker	 just annoying. I think it could look great on chicks with a smaller frame.	review_date"
"A little long for short people. Otherwise	 super sexy.	review_date"
"i LOVE this product.. it just fits a little more snug that what i had expected but not too small .	review_date"
"real cute and sexy!!! I love the fit :)	review_date"
"Love the fit and will be wearing alot!馃槉	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually a medium and a medium for perfectly. Was pleasantly surprised for the price!	review_date"
"Needs to be tighter under boobs	review_date"
"It looks super nice and sexy. I will buy more like this one.	review_date"
"Looks amazing!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"its stretchable	 but not in the chest area. if you have a bigger chest it pops out to the side so you always have to push it back in. Other then that it fits well and easy to put on!	review_date"
"It's a little bit tight	 but my partner has a slightly longer torso. The purple looks very nice. Felt sturdy enough. I'd buy it again.	review_date"
"Nice product	review_date"
"Attractive good quality	review_date"
"real sexy	review_date"
"This sexy lil number fit better than expected. And the response it got was one for the books!	review_date"
"I love it!  And it's actually very comfortable	review_date"
"great product absolutely love it	review_date"
"A little smaller than expected. But I love it	 very sexy and the material isn鈥檛 too thin	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly and my husband loved it I	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Love this !  Better than I had expected :) fits great !	review_date"
"excelente	review_date"
"honestly wouldnt spend money on anything like this again	review_date"
"fits right but the middle parts looks very fragile	review_date"
"just as described	review_date"
"Sizing wasn't what was expected but it's ok	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"This is extremely cute and made fairly well made however it's made for someone who has a long torso (I'm on the short side at 5 feet) so it was baggy in the middle.	review_date"
"Broke first time using	review_date"
"For me might be small but it looks hot	review_date"
"It looks really nice.	review_date"
"It's really cute. My breasted just wouldn't stay in the top part	review_date"
"Fits perfect! Looks great.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 weigh 125lbs I got a medium and for perfect! It also makes me feel so confident and sexy!!	review_date"
"It is a dream come true for fit and color!!	review_date"
"I love the color and the look is very sexy	review_date"
"Fits perfect! BF said it looked perfect too	review_date"
"Too tight on bottom and I am not big.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Husband loved it. I runs a bit small.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Fit as expected and looks exactly like the item pictured.	review_date"
"Love this! It's super sexy. My husband loved it.	review_date"
"It was way too small in my chest area and I purposely ordered a larger size so I wouldn't have that problem	review_date"
"Very sexy	 and well fitted!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"I like it to return	review_date"
"Very sexy	 but very cheap. First night	 the link broke. I won't wear it again since it's not put together. No way to fix it.	review_date"
"Great material but it was a little small. I can still use it but I would recommend ordering a size up.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 Perfect !!! Husband Was Estatic And All Over Me !!!!!	review_date"
"Perfect fit. True to size	review_date"
"Super sexy and fits great	review_date"
"cheap looking	review_date"
"Bribe the first time I wore it	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy but runs a little on the small size.	review_date"
"Very nice she really likes it	review_date"
"Straps broke after first wash	 didn't dry it. My gf couldn't even wear it. What a waste.	review_date"
"Excellent	 it's fit to body of my wife. Easy for use	 easy for get out	 I recommended!!	review_date"
"Fit true to size	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit	 horrible quality	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected and more	review_date"
"Order a size up if you're thicker	 with hips and butt.	review_date"
"It stretches and feels nice	review_date"
"It didn鈥檛 fit at all. Way to small	review_date"
"It fits good and good material	review_date"
"It was perfect!!	review_date"
"Very sexy	beautiful and comfortable.	review_date"
"Love it! My husband REALLY loves It!	review_date"
"It's too long	review_date"
"Loved it! Ran a bit small but not too bad! Very sexy!	review_date"
"I got a small but my boobs would come out	review_date"
"Wont be disappointed	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Pequeno	review_date"
"Very attractive! I can't wait to wear it in front of my boyfriend.	review_date"
"It is a fraud I got sports laces	review_date"
"Looked awesome on my wife and I loved it one her	review_date"
"It was good! Kinda tight on the but part but other than that it is good!	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. She loved it. Can't beat it for the price.	review_date"
"I don't liked these product	 very bad!!!	review_date"
"Hot!	review_date"
"Husband love it!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful!!	review_date"
"Didn't fit as expected at all	review_date"
"Looked and fit great!	review_date"
"It's really sexy.	review_date"
"I liked the girl wearing it the most! 馃敟	review_date"
"Very cheaply made. Broke the first time I wore it	review_date"
"Wore it once	 rhinestones fell out and links broke on the 2nd wash	review_date"
"Love it	 the color is perfect and it looks incredible	review_date"
"Wife loves it recommend this	review_date"
"Husband absolutely loved it! 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Works like a charm	 I love it!	review_date"
"As I've stated earlier	 we love Avidlove products and this is no exception! The color we selected	 Wine Red	 was rich \u0026 beautiful \u0026 the product is well made. My wife loves it \u0026 as always	 looks smokin' hot in it. I have to admit	 I'm just a little bit biased because I think my wife is the most beautiful creature I've ever seen \u0026 it's the outfits fault if she doesn't rock it!!!	review_date"
"Did not the fit my chest.	review_date"
"It was way to small	review_date"
"Great product for the price !	review_date"
"color and fit is just as shown	review_date"
"Order the next size up!	review_date"
"This was my favorite of all the lingerie we have ever purchased. The color is great. The fit was perfect. I love the design. It shows off just enough in all the right places. Beautiful	 elegant	 sexy look. But	 as I said	 it \was\"" my favorite. It is made of a very thin	 soft cloth. After only a few times worn it tore. I originally would have given a 5 star alll day	 but due to its tearing with such ease i can only give a 3.""	review_date"
"Sizing way off runs big not small	review_date"
"Good quality	 delivery on point.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Fits right and sexy . Ordering another color .	review_date"
"Looks very nice just what i expected	review_date"
"My lady looks great in it.  She likes it and I'm enjoying it also.  Thank you.	review_date"
"Fit	review_date"
"It is super sexy and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I did not order this.	review_date"
"I love the way it fits. I am small chested so the tips are usually to big on me but this fit great and it looked great too! My boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Very sexy. Great fit.	review_date"
"Love these the balls are smaller than what I'm used to but not complaining at all the colors are great and look super cute	review_date"
"Great fit and quality. He loved it. Very sexy!	review_date"
"馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Makes me feel sexy even though I've put on some weight	 really like it.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly fine. Looks good	review_date"
"Super beautiful and sexy	review_date"
"Somewhat big. Like it might fit a taller female than short	review_date"
"Loved it.. lil snug around the hips 	 but I have large hips.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Truly enjoy	review_date"
"Too small	 not made for tall women or those with a long torso.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2	 115 lbs and ordered a size S. The lace of the product I received looked a bit different than the one in the picture (doesn't have the lining on the outside) but it's nice and soft. I have a relatively short torso so when I tied the halter the top connection with the rhinestones was above my breasts instead of below them which didn't really work. For a quick fix I twisted the teddy once around itself to make it a bit shorter. He didn't notice.	review_date"
"Poorly made. Package came damaged	review_date"
"It's a little narrow for being a xxl	review_date"
"Great fit. Husband was stoked!	review_date"
"Fit as expected!	review_date"
"The wife loves it....	review_date"
"Wow. She looks fantastic	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"So sexy	 thank you 馃檭	review_date"
"The item came broke 馃様	review_date"
"Excellent condition and fit!	review_date"
"Ty	review_date"
"I have big hips and it was alittle tight around there but i overall love how it looks on	review_date"
"Got this for a sexy night out of town	 my husband loved it!	review_date"
"Cheap uality6	review_date"
"Love!	review_date"
"I loved it and my boyfriend did too !	review_date"
"The way it looked on her.	review_date"
"Came fast	 fits well but the diamonds were broke when i recieved it	review_date"
"Broke super quick.	review_date"
"Fits exactly as advertised	review_date"
"It makes your boobs look small lol but still great	review_date"
"It looked stunning on my wife!!!	review_date"
"Gorgeous	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy	review_date"
"awesome	review_date"
"Just the top was to small didnt cover my breast like the picture other than that perfect.	review_date"
"It soft and nice	review_date"
"Ordered XL got M	review_date"
"Looks good!	review_date"
"So dainty and perfectly sexy!	review_date"
"Love! Very sexy!	review_date"
"my girlfriend loves it	review_date"
"Great for the price... loved it	review_date"
"Wayyy too large	review_date"
"Fits amazing	review_date"
"TINY!!	review_date"
"Very awkward piece. In theory	 would look nice. But	 I'm 5'2 and 108 lbs. Fit weirdly around my boobs (I'm a 32B) just kinda dropped down. Kinda disappointed. Although the bottom portion did fit okay.	review_date"
"Great Fit and good Quality!	review_date"
"Fun. Sexy. Quality. I'm a size 12/14	 5'6	 150-170lbs. I should've offered an xl based on the underwear/thong area	  it was slightly too tight there. However	  everywhere else fit great. I'm curvy. The top and hip area was perfect fit. If you're not keeping it on too long then a large	 but if it's going to stay on you for awhile like a costume or something go for comfort.	review_date"
"Super cute and fit perfectly!	review_date"
"go up a size	review_date"
"the product fit me  well I am 5 foot 6 I weigh 160 and my bust is a c 36 I ordered a large. I am a dancer. The first night I wore it	 the metal peice broke. Wore it for maybe 4 hours. Very Disappointed	review_date"
"It was perfect!	review_date"
"It was great	review_date"
"Bae loved it !	review_date"
"Fit perfectly to the T	review_date"
"Fit but a little snug. Didn't matter to much. Wasn't on long...	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Very sexy fit.	review_date"
"This was a definite hit! No product flaws when received. I cut the size label out because it very noticeable but other than that it was perfect. I'm 6'1 145lbs. I got the small and it fit perfectly. The strings tie so your boobs sit up nicely. It ties in the neck and across the back. The material is delicate and soft. The jewels don't rub and irritate. The strings are not tight or digging either. They are the perfect complement. I felt amazing in this and super sexy. He couldn't take his eyes off me. It remained on for less than 5 mins!	review_date"
"Bad quality 鈽癸笍	review_date"
"Runs small	 but very soft and flattering	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"It fit just fine	 I'm 5'8 and 120 lbs: I got a small.	review_date"
"Fit perfect. Had a great night馃槣	review_date"
"Did not fit to size	review_date"
"Im in love with this outfit	review_date"
"It was okay i wanted extra small	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife	 she is 5'5\ and weight 145. I got her a large because she is has big breasts. Everything fit fairly well except the fabric that runs from underneath the boobs down to the crotch was really loose and not tight fitting like the picture shows. not a big deal because it was still very sexy on her and it came off quick "
"It's a beautiful outfit but it will not fit you if you have a naturally long torso. It was too short on me so I have to return it. It is unfortunate because it is such a nice outfit. Its easy to put on and the straps the tie around your back and neck make it easy to slip in and out of.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?164lbs	 B	  it fit really good. I think it would honestly fit any breast size as well. However here is why I gave it three stars.... the bottom jewelry piece snapped... I got it on and I didn鈥檛 even get to show my husband and the bottom jewelry piece snapped. Definitely depressed me. So if I was you and you get this	 buy some chain or something and make your own little piece down there. Otherwise it鈥檒l break and it鈥檒l hang loose and just look decent but not great.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"I ordered a small I'm 5'2 and 118-122lbs.. I'm happy with the product	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"Better then expected. Excellent quality.	review_date"
"I bought this in red and it is gorgeous! Very soft fabric! I can't stand anything even slightly itchy and I'm very happy with how comfy this feels. This is one sexy little piece. I'm 5'2	 133lbs and the medium fits well. It makes me look and feel incredibly sexy! The ties around the neck and back make this easy to adjust. The rhinestones enhance the allure of this lingerie. The price can't be beat. Get it! I'm glad I added it to my collection.	review_date"
"Perfect for the price!	review_date"
"Holy moly this is sexy.  I'm 5'5\	 weigh 112 lbs with 32-24-34 measurements and the size small fits me PERFECTLY.  Is the quality as nice as Victoria's Secret? Maybe not	 but its $10 and not $100 so for the 5 minutes Im going to wear this	 I think it's just fine (no tears or quality issues at all anyway). I feel like a VS model when I wear it. I'm very excited to wear this for Valentines Day.""	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"Fit just fine	review_date"
"I don't like the shape but it a nice glass	review_date"
"Boob issues	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"The sizing increases seem mainly to be longer strings for the back with no increase to the lace portions in the front. I'm a 38 DD+	 5'10\	 and wear a size 16. This barely covered my chest	 which is probably a big reason the hubby loved it. It is very comfortable on	 the ties are nice to allow you to size it how you would like! Size up is a good idea--worst case you'll have a little extra room on the ties.""	review_date"
"I don't know how these people for their chest in this.. I ordered for my size and it fits everywhere except the chest.. It only covers the nipple and areolas.. My chest explodes out of it.. But if I went up in size everywhere else would be way to large.. I already went up a size for it to fit up top..	review_date"
"This was cute and fit nicely but the rhinestone part that connects in the breast area broke the first time I put it on	 so I have to give it one star. I think the rhinestone is cute but fabric would be more practical. It probably wouldn't happen on smaller breasts though... :(	review_date"
"Not as described or pictured. Cheap cheap cheap CHEAP material. Made for a woman 3 1/2 feet tall and 30 pounds. The one we received. If sexy is what you are looking for	 this ain't it. If squeezed into a rubber band	 complete discomfort	 and ridiculous is the look you are going for	 then this is for you.	review_date"
"nice in all boy girls	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"This sexy black piece made me feel beautiful. I am not too comfortable in wearing sexy lingerie but this made me very confident. It's definitely worth the buy and don't let the cheap price fool you. This one piece is well made. You'll be happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"It's actually one of the best lingerie pieces for the price that I have found - it's cute	 it fits well	 looks just like the picture. After I got this and loved it	 I looked up other Avidlove products as the price is great and they fit!	review_date"
"Came fast	 fit okay	review_date"
"Fit prefect	review_date"
"Very sexy look	review_date"
"fits perfect. thank you!	review_date"
"this was great item fits great looks great	review_date"
"excellent fit	 i just re ordered	review_date"
"Great price. Very cute and saucey. It can be a gamble ordering online	 but this fit great! I followed the size chart	 and it has adjustable ties.Packaging was discreet for those who might be worried about that.Would definitely buy again	review_date"
"馃憤馃憤馃憤	review_date"
"My man loved it.	review_date"
"If you're boobs are big they will not fit inside..	review_date"
"Perfect and super sexy!!	review_date"
"Mid section is a little bit but I'm tiny	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Loved it! Super sexy(:	review_date"
"The lace and gems feel very nice. Its good quality. I got the smallest size because I'm only 5'2 and I'm a 32A/B. I'm pretty tiny in the hips too	 I wear size 0's. The length of this was a bit long on me	 but I just tied it tighter around my neck and back and it fit for the most part. If I bent over and didn't tie it super tight	 the middle section would hang away from my stomach. The bottom half fit pretty well	 could be tighter but not complaining. Good thing for your money. Boyfriend and I both loved it. :)	review_date"
"Looks as shown. Fit great.	review_date"
"The strap in the front that holds the bra part together broke the first time she put it on	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks hot in it.  i like it :)	review_date"
"The color was great	 (I ordered the pink). I am a size medium in all lingerie items	 so I ordered a medium. The abdominal lace area was way too big	 and the crotch area was too tight. I felt as though the only way that I could look like the girl in the photo in this picture was if I ordered a size up (which wouldn't fix the extra material issue in the abdominal area) and stood up super straight at all times. Not sure if it was one of my best purchases	 but you get what you pay for I guess.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"I say I'm shaped like a damn Barbie because of these lol. I'm 5'7\ and weigh 175. I have triple D's	 36 inch waist	 42 in hips. I can make it work though. The bottom part dips super low and the two pieces of lace on the stomach have extra cloth. They don't lay flat or tight to the skin.""	review_date"
"It didn't stay on very long at all!	review_date"
"Came early and looks great!	review_date"
"Very difficult to maneuver the strings and did not feel sexy at all. Size 20 didn't fit XXL.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"My husband loves this! Def recommend if you want to feel good and spice things up! Def worth the price.	review_date"
"This will not work if you have a large chest unless they're extreeeemely perky.. I'm 5'9	 size 8	 and 36 D. The top part is very narrow in the front and cannot fit large boobs at all. No matter how I adjusted the ties	 the lace portions still wouldn't sit nicely on my boobs. It would come up way too high and leave the girls hanging down under the decoration looking ridiculous. Or	 if I stretched it as wide as possible	 tied the back tie super tie to hold them up	 and stuffed them in	 they hung out the sides. Not flattering at all! I'm not expecting great support	 but this made my boobs look awful and that's hard to do! I'm not a fan and I'm returning immediately. The bottom part was great. I wish there was more lace so that it could be stretched around larger boobs	 too!	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"good fit	review_date"
"Nice...	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Worth it	review_date"
"I give this one star since the size chart is so wrong. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 130. I鈥檓 a small in most of the lingerie and according to this chart but it was way too small! I couldn鈥檛 get it up my thighs and I鈥檓 not a heavy girl. Go up a size at the very least.	review_date"
"I purchased a small for my wife who is short	 skinny and large cheated. The torso on this is way too long and the chest portion barely covers anything. The sizes obviously refers to nothing other than the chest size and nothing else as the torso is probably close to 6 inches too long.	review_date"
"Awesome product I would buy again	review_date"
"Kinda too small	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"If you are buying this make sure you have a long enough torso so it can fit properly. I have a somewhat short torso so in order for it to fit tight enough for it to not fall forward i had to tie the top part higher than expected and then the middle part that connects the two pieces fits higher than where my breasts sit. I hope that made sense!	review_date"
"Loved this \u003c3	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"I usually wear a large in shirts so the 1st time I ordered this product	 I went up a size and bought a XL in red. It fit good but there wasn't really enough space for my boobs. 馃馃檮 I still liked it so I ordered another in XXL	 black. Haven't tried it on yet but looks great! 馃槈 My man LOVES them! I definitely recommend this seller! I will continue to order through them in the future! 馃憴 Buy a size up!	review_date"
"I was skeptical on buying lingerie online but I am very impressed. For reference in 5'7 and 130lbs and as I call a mom body. I purchased a medium based on reviews and it's a perfect fit. It has a bit of stretch and holds the girls up great.	review_date"
"Fit perfect! I'm 5'3\ and weigh about 140 and the small fit perfect! If I had larger breast I'm not sure it would (b cups). It was a bit different widths on the two sides (a little OCD) haha but he didn't notice of course! Can't go wrong for the price.""	review_date"
"I bought this in a size Medium in the the red color. It's perfect! It's actually really good quality and surprisingly flattering. I was scared I might look a little chubby	 but nope. I suspect the fiance will be a big fan. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"I am 5'3\ and 160 lbs. I got the size Large and it fits perfectly! The next day I bought the other colors as well! My new favorite!""	review_date"
"Fits me @  230lbs	 5' 10\	 waist 40	 bust 44. Material is soft and not itchy! The two straps around the hips are connected in the back and I cut the band so it could adjust better. Would buy it again.""	review_date"
"I bought this as a gift for a friend's lingerie shower and I am so pleased! It looks exactly like the picture and is excellent quality	 especially for the price. My friend loves it and says that it fits her perfectly and has lots of stretch (she is 5'3	 ~120 pounds with a curvy and athletic build). I think that this is easily as good	 if not better	 than anything you could buy at the brand name lingerie stores and would highly recommend!	review_date"
"It makes me feel confident I wore it for my fianc茅 once so far and he liked it. I'm 5'2 140 and got a small which fits fine but a medium would've been a little better. Other than that the product came fast and it's what shows in the description.	review_date"
"I ordered this and got a robe instead	 I was so excited too. Even if I were to wear this I couldn't wear the underwear because they were far too big	 and I'll ordered a small. I am pretty disappointed...	review_date"
"Literally the first time I put it on	 the bottom connecter piece snapped. It still works without the bottom piece but that was annoying. The crotch part does not line up right and its just really super uncomfortable which i expected but its just not worth it. Still looks hot though so hard to say whether it was a total waste.	review_date"
"Wow! I am so impressed with this	 as is my boyfriend! I have never bought lingerie before	 let alone online	 and because of the great reviews	 I figured I would give it a shot. Nobody on the reviews were as tall as I am... so hopefully this will help out someone tall! I am 5'10\ with a big butt and smaller chest. I weigh 165 lbs. I ended up ordering an XL and I'm happy I did because of the length of the piece. Everything is tiable	 so you are able to tie it as tight as you want around the waist and then at the top around your neck. It was honestly perfect. I'm actually a little chubbier than I normally am	 but I even think this will fit great if I lose 5-10 lbs. Normally I NEVER wear anything in size XL	 but I'm so happy I did with this! It's super fun	 sexy and the price is perfect! I will definitely be purchasing from here again!""	review_date"
"I have bought two of these.  I accidentally threw away my first one (don鈥檛 ask!)	 and it was perfect.  Ordered a second one and it鈥檚 very different on sizing	 even though i ordered the same exact size.  Very disappointing.  So off I can鈥檛 even wear it.  The measurements have the g-string riding way too high and it鈥檚 all off.	review_date"
"Just beautiful. But an the reviews are correct on that the stomach portion is long. Meaning	 the jeweled clip part will be more at the top of your breasts. I didn't mind	 I just pulled it up and tied it tighter around my neck	 but I can see it annoying some people. My husband loved it!	review_date"
"Soft 	 pretty embellishments. Fast delivery.  Fit's well. Comfortable all around.  I feel very sexy in it  will buy from the company again. My husband is away on business and will be home soon. Can't wait to surprise him .	review_date"
"I love it!!!! Fit perfect	 color as shown in the pic	 quality perfect!! Super extra sexy!	review_date"
"Looks very sexy	review_date"
"I love this lingerie! I am 4'10 and I weigh about 110 pounds so a small is perfect for me. The material does not feel cheap! It's so sexy and it makes you feel empowered. You can still enjoy this even if you don't have big boobs! If you got a booty	 then it'll bring it out~	review_date"
"Loved this.  I ordered a small.  I am 5-'1 about 105 lbs and loved it.  The fit was perfect.	review_date"
"This piece fit me perfectly. I am 6ft tall and on the curvy side so I was not sure how this would work out. I ordered a size large \u0026 turns out that it was a perfect fit. Item came exactly as described. When I stepped out \u0026 my man saw me with this on his jaws hit the floor and he could not keep his hands off of me. The material was soft and sturdy \u0026 held together well. It felt like it was made just for my body. You will not be sorry for ordering this piece	 I highly recommend \u0026 will be ordering more colors!	review_date"
"I bought this as a Valentine's Day present for my girlfriend and we both absolutely loved it. I ordered a medium for her due to her large chest and butt size and it fit perfectly.She felt great about the way she looked and I obviously did too. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is into this sort of thing.It's even small enough that clothes can be worn on top of it with not many lines from the clothing showing through.	review_date"
"This product fit perfectly and gained the approval of my SO. I was worried about the way it would fit as I have a small chest but wide hips so I chanced it with a medium and it worked perfectly. The strap behind the next and on the back act as a swimsuit top as they need to be tied	 and the bottom is just a slip on and acts as a thong. Also	 the strap that acts as a thong is adjustable (moves from side to side) so it can easily be adjusted for easy (easier) access if it's kept on. It was very comfortable	 however I did cut off the tag as it was bothering me.	review_date"
"MUCH better price than the box stores and fit great. It is not super high quality	 but for what you pay it is more than worth it. Will definitely buy more from here again.	review_date"
"It was crooked!  The right side had significantly more material than the left...  So awkward.	review_date"
"Lovely red coloring. Very nice fitting all though it was a little long in some places. Straps were well put on and it was a nice feeling fabric. Very sexy. My boyfriend loved it. No snags or loose threads.  Over all a great buy. I did receive this at a discount for my honest opinion. I would definately but this again in another color. It for as expected with room to love.	review_date"
"Broke one of the chains before I could even wear it. Very cheaply made piece	review_date"
"I'm giving this product 5 stars for the price	 comfort and material.Through no fault of the product	 I do not feel sexy wearing this	 but it is just my own thought on the product. My boyfriend loves it on me and that's all that really matters.馃榾	review_date"
"The metal piece came broken. It's cheap.	review_date"
"This would've been perfect	 but I have wide hips and huge breasts	 so i couldn't wear it sadly. So buy much bigger than needed for that purpose	review_date"
"It is veerryy cheap and i put it on and it immediatly broke without me doing anything and the size was wayy to small even though i got a bigger size than i am...	review_date"
"Amazing lingerie. Was really impressed	 am currently buying more items from AvidLove due to the high quality product at such a great price.	review_date"
"The ex loved it but it's kinda small-ish	 order a size up from ur size especially if ur a bit thicker	review_date"
"Maybe this thing was made for women with small boobs. I'm 34DD. There was not enough fabric on boob top. The rest fit fine. I returned it.	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks SMOKING HOT in this! She liked it almost as much as I did. Guys	 do yourself a favor and get this for your woman. Neither of you will be disappointed!!!	review_date"
"I'll give two starts for effort. It's a cute design and sexy idea....but not really made with us curvy girls in mind. I'm 5'7\	 wear 16 in jeans	 38D chest and this just fit very awkwardly. If you're a little jiggly in the belly like me	 all this does is enhance the view of your love handles. And if you're taller	 the crotch less panty part isn't exactly in the right area. And being busty	 this just barely covers your nipples and forget trying to move and keep em in place at the same time. It's just pretty much awkward looking and uncomfortable. Like I said	 I give credit to the idea but if you don't look like the model in the photo	 it's not gonna look or fit all that great.""	review_date"
"This does not even remotely fit. Ordered XL cause my boobs are 36DDD and it barely covered nipples. I actually laughed putting it on. Glad it wasn't expensive cause its not worth returning. I just threw it out.	review_date"
"It fits a little small but that could also be seen as sexy... to bad my boyfriend can't get his head out of his ass for me to wear it 馃槀	review_date"
"Too small and didn't fit right.	review_date"
"Well I would love to have been able to wear this	 and while my review says it was too small I'm really unsure because when I opened it the rhinestone jewel was already broken.	review_date"
"Awful! Arrived broken already and unable to be fixed at all! But I guess you get what you pay for! I figured I'd at least get to wear it once!	review_date"
"Product broken the first time i put it on. The jews holding the cups together is cheeply made and snapped instantly.	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVE this!! I am 5' 5\ and 156 pretty proportioned and I ordered a large	 this hugs all the right curves. I felt very sexy and comfortable! Great quality material!""	review_date"
"This is made for shorter women . I'm 5ft 10ins  (145lbs) and this was at least 2 ins above my ankles . Otherwise it's a great garment ... my measurements are B 36ins	 W 30	 H 39 ... it fit well everywhere else and is good quality maxi material 	 lovely deep cherry colour and well made .My only complaint is the short length of the garment for my height.	review_date"
"Love these. I gained some weight so I started ordering mediums. I'm 5'5. 155lbs. B cup. Thick thighs and the mediums fit me perfect. Only thing is I wish that the straps were made different. Once you take it off the strings tangle badly.	review_date"
"Super cheaply made and very thin material!! Do not buy honestly just go to Primark if you have one near by and buy it from there. There stuff is made in china but not nearly as bad! Just terrible	review_date"
"Broke before I even got it on	review_date"
"I really love this product and it fit as expected. Very pretty and the lace is awesome. Easy to put on.	review_date"
"Don't waste your money on this product. I received the lingerie and the chain part was broken. I cannot even return it because I have to pay for shipping. Not worth it all.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy piece of lingerie	 my man loves it! It leaves nothing to the imagination but embellishes it just a bit "
"I am 5foot 5 and 110 pounds. This fits perfectly!! mind you lingerie never fits me right!! always to big	review_date"
"I guess since it was not listed as a \plus size\"" item	 I should not expect it to fit a \""plus size\"" girl like myself. I have 38 DDD breast	 and I am 5' 3\"" 170 lbs. I ordered the pink (very very beautiful color) in an XXL. There is not much breast room in this thing and no support	 but HE LOVED IT!!! The back is BEAUTIFUL!!""	review_date"
"It fits SO well	 I almost didn't want to take it off.. :') This is the first real lingerie purchase I've made	 so I'm no expert but it seems pretty well made"
"You won't be disappointed.  I'm 5'2 135lbs and the small fit perfectly. My man loved this item.	review_date"
"Durable / color is just like the picture / fits as expected - im 5\3 125 lbs and I bought a medium""	review_date"
"Giving it 3 stars bc I am returning it. I'm curvy and the elastic on the bottom rolls into each other and it does not look or feel good	 then torso length was to long and and I'm 5'8\... all in all good quality just not for my body type.""	review_date"
"The breast area was a little tighter than expected	 The fabric around the stomach area was too long and the bottom fit fine. The fabric was more than what I expected I must admit for the price. It did the job =)	review_date"
"It's cute	 but in my opinion its just not flattering on someone like myself who has no chest. So if you are an Acup like myself I would suggest looking for something else. Husband still loved it but personally I know it would have been a smoking piece if my girls were bigger	review_date"
"Probably his favorite thing that I've put on this far! Comfy. Little bit of work to get on and off but worth it!	review_date"
"Followed the sizing chart and reviews and still ended up too small. Also	 it's really cheaply made.	review_date"
"ok. I LOVE this! I bought it cause it was cheap.. I didn't expect to love it like I do! By far my favorite lingerie I have ever purchased!.. and the boyfriend looooovess it too!	review_date"
"I purchased a medium thinking this would fit perfect. A little small but I still love it. You feel VERY SEXY when you wear it. I am 5'4\	 36B. The only place this seems to be too small is in the chest area. No biggie I still love it. Will definitely purchase more lingerie from Avidlove!""	review_date"
"5鈥? C cup 105lbs. Bought small and it fit pretty well.	review_date"
"Super sexy!! Definitely a must have. I'm 5'6 and 120lbs I brought a size Medium can't really fit my 34D cup but the strap in the back made it more adjustable.. Paired this piece with a satin robe. Loveeeeee it!!!	review_date"
"Fit was good. My husband loved his Valentine's surprise. Good price for something you're not going to wear for a long time!馃槈	review_date"
"the piece under the breasts broke when I was putting it on. still sexy and good for the price	review_date"
"Good morning I gave it to my niece for her bridal shower honeymoon negligee she likes it I hope if she fits it it's nice the women from her bridal shower loved it well that's all I have to say	review_date"
"This is my second purchase of this item. The purple one was wonderful	 but the red one broke as soon as I put it on.	review_date"
"Cute but a medium is way too small for a size 8 woman with curves.	review_date"
"Bought this to wear for my boyfriend. Fits perfectly n he lovesss it!!!	review_date"
"Material is very cheap and absolutely no support for the boobs.	review_date"
"Can't beat the price to add some fun in the bedroom	 5'4	120	 fit	review_date"
"I chose my size based on the sizing table and it fits perfectly. Its good quality for the price. It looks great on and my boyfriend loves it. I really like the crystal details and that there are 2 ties so that you can adjust it to fit. Overall I think its super sexy and I am glad I purchased it.	review_date"
"It gets all tangled up on the bottom really easily.  The open crouch is too far back for comfortable access.  I like but we still ended up taking it off.	review_date"
"This outfit is super cute! They only thing is the fabric on the stomach area. If you bend over then the fabric will come off of you. But that's expected. It's not a tight material so it won't stick to your skin.	review_date"
"Looks like it does in the first picture. I'd say this fits better on smaller people. I ordered a small and it fit just right. Boyfriend loved it. And it said it would arrive January 27 - February 17	 but I got it on January 20th.	review_date"
"Runs small. I ordered a medium. Not sure if a large would fit just right or too big. It's nice and attractive either way.  Will still use.	review_date"
"Super cute	 fits as expected. Just like the picture	 my husband loves it on me.	review_date"
"Fits as expected. I am 5'7\ and very curvy. Husband lives this too!""	review_date"
"I'm 5'7	 145 pounds and a medium fit perfectly. Looks nice	 but fabric and the plastic pieces are extremely fragile. The plastic piece under chest broke that makes the lace meet in the middle	 still looks okay without it. Be VERY gentle.	review_date"
"the top may have been designed for women with a cup less than A.	review_date"
"I am in love with the colour and I brought a large and my baby loved it	review_date"
"Inexpensive and Very Sexy ... my girlfriend loved it!	review_date"
"The front underwire that comes up between your boobs is not attached to anything. When I wear this item the front flips down because of the weight of the underwire. It's not attractive and it's actually very awkward. I will have to be doing some repairs to fix. Save your money and buy a garment that actually fits right.	review_date"
"I bought the large and it fit very nicely. I'm 5'6 and 140 lbs if that helps you decide on the size! It looks exactly like the picture! I would recommend hand washing it because the lace does fell fragile.	review_date"
"Best piece of lingerie I have ever owned. Great quality.... husband loved it!	review_date"
"Well I did expect that it would fit a little better. It gets kinda loose on the sides so it kinda bunches up. I will still wear it though.	review_date"
"My wife and i are very happy with this!!!	review_date"
"Such a sexy piece of lingerie! I typically don't repeat outfits like this	 but this one looks so good I have to! Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Not that I expected it to be very comfortable but this was extremely uncomfortable	 in fact I only wore it once and will never wear it again.	review_date"
"For those of us with natural breasts and shorter waists	 it will not look like the model. The middle section was too tall for my frame	 and there is not a lot of support in the design which makes it less sexy. BUT if the one you are showing off to has a sense of humor and thinks you're sexy no matter what	 buy it for fun!	review_date"
"Purchased for my wife. She loved it	 I loved it.	review_date"
"I'm a size 6 and it fits me perfectly. Excellent quality for the price. Best of all: my husband loved it!  I'll buy more in different colors :-)	review_date"
"I really like this	 the crotchless appeal is definitely something i'm into	 just make sure you check the sizing chart	review_date"
"to small	review_date"
"I love the way my grandmother looks in this! 馃槏 Lifts and separates the otherwise saggy funbags! Definitely recommend	review_date"
"I'm the boyfriend who bought this and she's the girl who wore this	 and blew me away!  Very sexy and worth the money.......( she's 5'6\ 118 lbs 32 D )""	review_date"
"Very cheaply made.  Fits funny..	review_date"
"I was skeptical but i loved this i have no body confidence and i felt sexy and confident wearing this im very happy with the product will buy from them again.	review_date"
"I was looking forward to this one	 but was sorely disappointed. The bottom rhinestone link fell apart the second I took it out of the package. On top of that	 the strings on the bottom have no elastic	 which means no give. If you have any curves	 good luck getting this thing over your thighs and hips.	review_date"
"Ordered a size larger and still small.  Bottoms were so twisted that I just sent it back.	review_date"
"Did not care for it at all.	review_date"
"Great Material	 super sex you but made for someone with an extremely long torso. I can't even try to stitch the stomach portion smaller as there are no seems at all	 for the lace. I'm 5'4	 140 lbs so very normal. This just fits poorly.	review_date"
"This was ill fitting for me. I'm 5' 120lbs and a small D cup. The torso section was too long.	review_date"
"fits perfectly but a little big in the back	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy only problem is that the thong straps were not connected.  All but one was actually sewn on correctly	 Two were barely hanging on	 and one wasn't even attached.  I had to spend 30 minutes sewing them all on correctly	 other than that it's a great purchase.	review_date"
"the top part goes where my nipples are and doesn't leave enough room for small endowed chests	review_date"
"Colour is more neon than expected	 and it fits a little big around the waist. But the material is good	 and the shipping was right on time. It was inexpensive so I'm not suprised.	review_date"
"The sizing on this garment is definitely way off.  A 2XL is definitely like a medium.  I am afraid I would need like three sizes up.  It was way to small and uncomfortable and fit very strangely.  The thong part was extremely small and while I could get the material over my chest it would not lay down across the stomach.  I've definitely realized this companies clothing is sized small and will not be ordering from again.	review_date"
"Love it only item that arrive on time and exited to get it on to see what it look like	review_date"
"It tends to be a little bit loose at the torso but if you have good posture and large breasts it shouldn't be an issue. :-)	review_date"
"Just like the picture	 but it broke after I wore it the first time. The diamond part under the belly button is very cheap	 cute but cheap.	review_date"
"purchased as a gift and was pleased with the quality . she seemed to like it :)	review_date"
"Very sexy ! Keep the passion alive ladies. For the price it made my man	 well	 very happy !!!!	review_date"
"love the mint color and wish it had fit well	 however	 the middle area fits too big. It would fit a taller woman better. I ordered a S and am 5'4'' 140lbs 34D. I also did not like the tacky jewel in the middle.	review_date"
"The bottom half runs extremely small. The material as you can assume is cheap.	review_date"
"This would have been sexy if I wasn't a size 18/20!! It was too small and the chain broke when I put it on!!	review_date"
"Doesn't hold my breast properly. Like the color tho	review_date"
"	review_date"
"This looked so hot on me and my boyfriend really loved it too.  It broke right away though. :( oh well	review_date"
"Wow!!!	review_date"
It's Very cheap product. But what you can expect for the price. Overall it's usable for only \one\" time 
"Cute! You need a longer torso for it to fit right though.	review_date"
"Not bad	 not great. They all get torn off anyways	 right?	review_date"
"I love it. It I was a little to big for me	review_date"
"Nice fit	 rich purple color. Let's just say I got some extra loving from my man 馃槈	review_date"
"product is great for price. does what it's intended to do!! I'm 5'6 150 pounds with wide hips and I ordered a L. fits pretty well. a little tight in the bottom  area. Is what it is.. Satisfied. Bottom strings get tangled  but it's easier to untangle them with the outfit on. just a tip. 馃	review_date"
"Mediocre quality but still nice	review_date"
"Part was broke when I got it	review_date"
"Good fit and very sexy. A bargain.	review_date"
"It was good but a way to big and I got a small	review_date"
"Fit well. More for petite woman	review_date"
"Only looks nice on the model or whoever has the same body shape.	review_date"
"all great.. thank you	review_date"
"It is abnormally long. I am 5'6\ 115 lbs. If I put the top across my boobs the crotch is hanging.""	review_date"
"It fit my girlfriend great	review_date"
"Wife says it's small not for American woman	review_date"
"Material for Torso area is too long	 not made for short people... can't wear.	review_date"
"I thought I looked hot in this. But my boyfriend said I don't look good in red. Still happy I bought it though. It's comfy sweet and sexy. I wore it for my Man underneath my outfit thinking he would like it. But he saw it and said red doesn't look that good on me. I think I should get my breasts done. Maybe. This is cute. But can't solve my relationship. I think he's gonna leave me soon. And when he does. I'll be alone with this cute red teddy.	review_date"
"Came broken	review_date"
"Cheap and tacky	review_date"
"Definitely fits smalls and cheaply made. Didn't even get to show my boyfriend when I bent down the hip strings snapped me super imbarrasing wish I would have gotten two size bigger ( by the way I'm 5'2 and 120 pounds) don't buy if your wanting something that fits and last	review_date"
"I'm normally a small and wasn't sure about this bodysuit. When I tried it on it fit me  perfect	 and the color is beautiful.l love this item..	review_date"
"Runs small. Says fits most but still on smaller side.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"smoking hot	review_date"
"I love it but I could have gotten away with a small. I'm 5'7 and about 135 lbs. It won't be on for long anyway so 5 stars lol.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure about the one piece thing...but this is new favorite piece of lingerie now!  So sexy looking (if I do say so myself) and fits in all the right places.  I'm 5'5 130lbs size D cup and a Medium was perfect.  My man loved it!  I'll be ordering new colors soon :)	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Im 5' 4 and 175 i got a XXL and it fits. Cheap made but i should have known that for the price im paying	review_date"
"Left my husband speechless. Perfect if you're looking to add a little spice. Doesn't unhook from the front.	review_date"
"Cheap product. Extra thread dancing everywhere. Junk.	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"There is literally nothing to this thing.  It is a few strings attacted together	 I might as well just be naked and get my money back....	review_date"
"Its ok. Not true to size.	review_date"
"It's too short in length for me. I guess my torso is too long. I'm 5'8\ which is don't think it's that tall but oh well. It's very pretty though.""	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"Love it but I have wide Latina hips... so the straps were kind of tight	review_date"
"Was really surprised at how this piece actually fit to the tee. I am so satisfied with my orders. Thank you.	review_date"
"Super sexy yet inexpensive. 5 stars. Arrived in 2 days.	review_date"
"Very sexy! I bought this for my wife and it fits her very well. She is 130lbs with a height 5'4''. Looks exactly like the pictures.	review_date"
"This item is so cute on but the piece broke in the middle so now I have to reorder it. Need better quality on the gems! But loved it other than that.	review_date"
"You sent me a medium and I ordered a small. It won't fit her. I pulled it out looking like an idiot. Thanks	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 Im 113 5'1 and a little of the lace in the middle is loose but it's not a big issue. It is definitely true to size and pretty sexy. However	 I would purchase in a different color if I were to repurchase. The pink is very neon..... not for a romantic evenging more for like kinky sex due to the color.	review_date"
"Great product!	review_date"
"cute but the clasps in the middle are so cheap they break really easily. only wore once before it broke.	review_date"
"Great 馃槈My husband love it	review_date"
"Very sexy and great fit. I am 5'6 150 lbs and very curvy. I ordered a large and it was a perfect fit!	review_date"
"Amazingly sexy. Cannot wait to surprise my husband. Apparently my body is better than the model's. 34 DDD	 34 waist 160lbs 馃憤馃徑	review_date"
"Cheap	 but looks good.	review_date"
"I'm 5ft 115 lbs and the small fit perfectly you can adjust the back and halter to how tight you want it to witch I didn't no.  defainitly a good buy for the price range!	review_date"
"Cheaply made and sizes run way too small. Don't waste your money.	review_date"
"Nice I love	review_date"
"Its cute but i didnt like how when i tried it on the stomach part was too long for me. Maybe make the stomach part adjustable.	review_date"
"Fit well everywhere else EXCEPT the torso	 it was way too long and unless you have the torso of a runway model	 you'll probably have to adjust it yourself how i did	review_date"
"Great gift!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"This is only good if you're maybe a B or a C cup. Anything bigger than that and this won't work out.	review_date"
"Maybe it was just not for me	 but the overall fit was just really off.	review_date"
"Every nice	review_date"
"My husband loves it馃槉	review_date"
"Fun item	 discreetly delivered.  Wife looks great!	review_date"
"It was comfy the fabric was just fine but I underestimated my butt and it was a little on the small side but it still worked I loved it !!	review_date"
"Love the lace detail. However	 the middle part flaps away from the body which is Not sexy! lol	review_date"
Okay so I'm usually a size 18 or 20..40 DD boobs and 5 foot 2. Idk if my belly got in the way or what but the damn thing wasn't even long enough to tie around my neck. It barely covered my nipples. The little jewel thing broke when I tried to pull it up on my hips..it was just a disaster over all. The XXL would fit probably a normal size medium. If it would have fit I would have loved it but to my fellow chubby girls
"As expected	review_date"
"My wife looks super sexy in this fits her perfect	review_date"
"I'm small in the breast area so it don't fit there but other then that it fits great	review_date"
"I ordered a size small in purple and I love it. The color is so crisp and the lace material is of high quality. I'm 4'11 and 32 on the chest and the size is just perfect for me. It is very comfortable and very sexy.  I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest and unbiased review. Definitely a must have lingerie. I'll be ordering more from this line and great seller!	review_date"
"nice quality	 even better price!  I'm 5'5\ bust 36	 the Large fits perfect - Size Chart is accurate.  Would buy again!""	review_date"
"Horrible! Bad quality and was not sown right. Wasn't made right	review_date"
"Goodb	review_date"
"I was surprised about the quality. I really like it!	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Not for thick women	review_date"
"too small for my breasts .. too large for my body	review_date"
"Crotch cross crosses right up your vagina	review_date"
"Fits some what the belly area is way to big but the bra portion is very tight and to small	 not the best choice for busty women.	review_date"
"it had the most disgusting smell like it had already been worn even after washing and soaking it for 2 days.  also delivery was 3 days late and I paid for one day. not a good product	review_date"
"Stomach clip is broke not cool!!	review_date"
"It didn't fit at all .	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"I ordered a Large to accommodate my larger chest size and it didn't work for me.... at all.	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"does not deserve any star.. really bad quality	review_date"
"Made poorly couldn't even figure out how to put on.	review_date"
"The bottom part of the outfit broke when I tried it on 馃憥馃槓 next time I will get medium	review_date"
"Beautiful but not for thicker women	review_date"
"Good for the prize..	review_date"
"Top diamond attachment came off as soon as it arrived. Never again.	review_date"
"great product bought it for the wife sexy as hell	review_date"
"Looks good on her just need bigger size her boobies way to big for size med	review_date"
"Product arrived already damaged	 would have been cute.	review_date"
"Product buckles broke the 1st time after wearing it.	review_date"
"Fits great	 moves out of the way really easily down below (if you know what I mean)	review_date"
"Drove him wild	 felt extremely sexy in it. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"Great product	 cute for the girlfriend and she loves it!	review_date"
"Ordered a small and it was to big	 i had to tie it really tight around the neck to get the stomach part to not sag which brought the tie part for the rib cage under the breast area above my nips. im 5'2 109 pounds so if you are small like me a small will be to big for you. Self-esteem killer!!	review_date"
"When I open my package this item was missing	review_date"
"Too big	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it. Great buy for a great price.	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit like sized at ALL	review_date"
"pleased	review_date"
"I was excited when the item arrived and put it on and it looked so sexy. I had it on for less than 1 minute and the bottom string came apart completely. Now I am unable to wear it. For size reference	 I am a size 0	 5鈥?鈥? and 105lbs. It was the perfect fit and should not have came apart if it was sewed on properly!	review_date"
"Chain broke as I was trying it on	 10/10 would NOT recommend	review_date"
So good and sexy and good price!! Im about 5\ tall size 3 or 1 in jeans and it fist perfectly. Got size small. It is so sexy specialy if you have been blessed on chest O O 
"I liked the lingerie \u0026 so did my man	 but	 it was a little too big in the stomach area. I should've gotten a small versus a medium.	review_date"
"Needs to be returned.	review_date"
"Sexy enough	review_date"
"Cheap material	 falls apart. Wrong color	 not flattering...nothing like the photo.	review_date"
"Loved the color but there was too much fabric in the abdomen area. Would be great for someone more long waisted.	review_date"
"The size runs small and the crotchless area was uncomfortable.	review_date"
"The chain between breast broke first time I tryed to wear it.	review_date"
"No	review_date"
"Very sexy	 however	 when it came it was very tangled and twisted.  Finally got it untwisted and put it on....boyfriend brushed by me and the middle decorative piece broke in two.  He barely touched me.	review_date"
"Ordered larger than my size and it鈥檚 still too small. Argh!	review_date"
"The silver clasp broke before I even tried it on. Waste of money.	review_date"
"Not for women with big breast. Didn't look very flattering on me. I ordered a Large. It was longer but the part where the breast goes wasn't big enough at all.	review_date"
"It broke just by trying it on.	review_date"
"Covered almost nothing image is deceiving	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie. It鈥檚 made of metal details	 lace	 and string. The lace is a very pretty pattern and is quite see thin and see-thru. It also as very little stretch to it. The bottom is a stretchy thin string which is very sexy when combined with the lace body. The crotch isn鈥檛 open bottom but is a thong. A thin	 stretchy string ties this closed around the upper back and around the neck. It鈥檚 quite comfortable to wear.There are some very pretty and sexy zirconium details at the bust and more metal details near the bottom of the body. These are good quality	 connected well and really make the piece.The stitching is well done and double stitched at the hems. The hems of this peace are also elastic and quite stretchy.Fit:I got it in black and size large. I have a long torso and a pear body shape. The top fits perfectly and the bottom is a little tight. I鈥檓 and normally a m/l top and a l/x-large bottom depending on the store and I wish I had gotten this in an x-large.It fits on the smaller side and is only so long. The lingerie is once piece with ties around the neck and the lower back. This needs to be tied properly to get the pretty zirconium details to sit where they鈥檙e supposed to.My advice is if you鈥檙e a pear or long torso to size up just in case. There鈥檚 little to no stretch in the lace (can鈥檛 make it longer from body to chest) and while there is stretch in the bottom string it can indent if it鈥檚 too tight.I also have a smaller chest and this covered everything perfectly. There might be some issues if you have a very large chest since there is no structure and the lace covering that area is only 6 inches across.Despite being a bit small on the bottom my boyfriend loves this lingerie. It鈥檚 one of his favourites and is very flattering.Pros:* Very sexy* Comfortable* great quality* pretty lace* Scalloped lace hemlineCons:* None. This is a great piece.Overall:Despite fitting a bit small I鈥檓 still really happy with this piece. It鈥檚 very sexy and the lace/zirconium detail looks very nice and pretty. The string bottom is very sexy as well and definitely out of my comfort zone to wear. My boyfriend loves this (why I got it) and it鈥檚 a well-made piece of lingerie.I received this product for free or at a discount in exchange for an honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"Cute outfit and as on the model	 it does not cover much. It really fits 2 separate places	 the thong bottom connected by the front two strips of fabric to the breast support which as pictured on the model has the connecting jewel and back tie at the lower level of the breasts. I answered somewhat large since my wife is a 5'8\ size 14	 we ordered size XXL which fits the bottom just fine but the breast jewel and ties are to high to tie down under the orbs. Pulling the thong down under helps but not quite enough.Anyway it's stimulating	 wish it fit	 if I had to do over I'ld not go over L or XL for someone 5'8\"".""	review_date"
"I'm 5'6 and wear anywhere from a 16/18 in clothing size and my breast size is a 38C. I ordered te XXL in this one piece lingerie and the black one.  This has got to be the most sexiest piece of lingerie I've ever owned. My husband really likes it too. It is a one piece with strings that tie in the back and the bottom has thin straps that go around your butt and into a G string. There are little charms that hold the front together. Which adds a little bling to the sexiness of it. This lingerie fit my curves comfortably and is stretchy. I'd definitely recommend this one piece lingerie to any woman that wants to feel sexy.I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest opinion.	review_date"
"Order 2 sizes up	review_date"
"Very cheap quality...but for the price what can you expect? Design is sexy though	review_date"
"I love it the material but for my height it was too long I鈥檓 5鈥?.	review_date"
"I was disappointed to receive a damaged/broken product. The top detailing as torn apart when I opened the plastic bag that it came in. The manufacturer would have been better off using a single piece of ribbon to connect the two pieces on the top front and the bottom front since the metal is the cheapest thing they could have possibly used. As for the fit	 it was as expected despite the fact that it was not fully functional. I am 5'8 165 lbs and ordered a large. The lace is pretty though I'm not sure I'll be able to fix the product enough to be wearable. Lame.	review_date"
"Did not fit as described.	review_date"
"This Avidlove Women Deep V Halter Lingerie Lace Babydoll Mini Bodysuit is a great wayto surprise your husband or boyfriend鈥?and great to take along on a honeymoon.  Ooolala!I wasn鈥檛 expecting something with so little fabric to be so comfortable!  The fit is great and I really enjoy the soft lace feel.I really like the design of this bodysuit	 the stretchy lace and the nice rhinestone are a nice touch.  It comes in different colors	 although I prefer the black.This would be a great bachelorette gift!If you want to a sexy bodysuit that is steamy	 hot and sexy	 this is the one!	review_date"
"I think you folks need to review your size chart because it鈥檚 not accurate at all!!!!! I weigh 155 pounds and I鈥檓 511 so I saw the other suggestions and I went with the large and not only is this supposed to be crotchless	 which it鈥檚 not unless my crotch is somewhere on my rear or my lower back ( ugh so ugly) it is entirely too long long I鈥檓 talking long I don鈥檛 know how you guys size this but it is ridiculously toooooooo long and not flattering on a human! I say that because my body is perfectly proportioned I have an hourglass figure not too big a topknot to be on the bottom I鈥檓 perfectly even and this I don鈥檛 know if it was made for an imaginary customer but yeah EPIC FAIL!!!!! I feel like I threw my money away not only on this one but on the blue outfit that I purchased from you to the romper OMG IT WAS EVEN WORSE!!! Seriously terrible I should鈥檝e just stuck my money in a paper shredder! AWFUL!  As for the romper I鈥檒l be leaving my review on that one got awful !	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 125lb 34C cup 28inch waistline. Bought a small but didn't fit. Only wear it for 15 minutes and it was stretching out even more just by me walking around in it for a short time. Only looked good if your standing straight up. If you bend over or sit it looks funny and it is falling off. It sags in the front very bad and when this happens it looked very unflattering...need maybe a x-small in this and better quality material that doesn't stretch out the moment you put this on. I didn't stretch it when I put this on. It literally started sagging in the front for no good reason other than the face it's cheaply made. If you want good quality and wanna feel sexy... go somewhere else because this isn't it. Got this to wear for my hubby for his birthday....let's just say it didn't work out as well as I hoped. Had to wear something else instead of this. I stared a return on this item. Was very disappointed	review_date"
"The front buckled snapped after putting it on	review_date"
"Cute looking	 but will. It protect your phone at all.  I had to buy another case because I feel like my phone will break in this one!	review_date"
"I  really liked this teddy. It looks exactly as pictured and its good quality. I took off one star because it didn't fit perfectly. The breast and the hip fit perfect but the two long pieces of lace fabric right underneath the breast that is connected to the thong fit loose. I think this happened because of my height as I am a little short. It should fit a taller person perfectly.I am 5 feet 4 inches	 34 B cup and 153 pounds. I am heavy on my bottom and thighs.  I ordered a medium size. I recommend this product and will be buying from this company again.	review_date"
"We loved it!  I overestimated the size and got a medium	 but at 5'3\	 34c	 size 4/6 depending	 small waist/flat belly/big butt (think Betty Boop!)	 I should have gone small.  So that was my fault	 but it did nothing to affect the appeal!  My other half was pleasantly surprised when he came back from meeting the delivery man and found me decked out in this!  He didn't want me to take it off	 and we didn't have to "
"My husband loves this piece best! I've had to wear this to bed multiple times because he just couldn't get enough if it. I have to order more before this one gets worn out from me wearing and washing it so much. I wear a size small and that's the size I ordered and it fit perfect and as expected. I'm petite so finding items such as lingerie to fit me perfect isn't always easy but i've found a brand that fits perfect and the material doesn't make me itch. Now I love wearing my lingerie and get so excited when I purchase a new piece as does muy husband. I received this item at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ 155 lbs and curvy. I only wear a B cup but I have a large bottom. When I bought this I chose a medium and it fit very well except the chest area could have been tighter for me. It was still very comfortable. I loved it and my husband did too. He literally tore it off of me and busted the jewels that hold the breast area together. He didn't break it because it's a cheap product	 instead	 he was just very excited. I'm buying another on in a small because I loved it so much! Once i figure out if I the small or medium better	 then I'm gonna buy another one!!!!""	review_date"
"I recieved this product last week and got this product in a discounted price/ free in exchange for an unbiased and honest review.Packaging: it came in a transparent plastic ziplock with company logo printed nicely in front (pink Avid love logo)	 arrived on time and packed nicely to prevent any damages while on shipment.Product. it is very elegant and the material is very high quality. It was made from black lace. The design is very sexy and its a perfect bridal shower gift or a sexy lingerie for a honeymoon. I can't wait to have my pre-pregnancy body back so I can wear this one. I personally love the fancy diamond clip in the middle of the bra line	 it makes it look sexier. And the way this lingerie is designed can be very slimming as well. I love it and I'm very satisfied with my purchase :)	review_date"
"This is one of the sexiest pieces I couldve possibly gotten. This lingerie Made me feel so powerful and sexy I'm so in love with it. No matter who you wear it for or if yourself its guaranteed you'll probably fall in love. I love the style the way it looks on me. I am curvy and overweight but this just kills it for me in the best way possible. I am impressed with the quality of the lace and how beautiful it looks on. Thanks for giving me such confidence. It also fit me perfectly the size XXL I believe. Disclaimer: This item was received free or at a discounted price in exchange for an honest unbiased product review	review_date"
"This looks fantastic and fit very well. I'm 5'7 and about 140 lbs and a medium fit perfectly. The only reason why I didn't give a full five stars is because the lace was slightly torn in spots when it arrived. I don't think it'll hold up very well	 but for the price and how it looks	 I am very happy with it.	review_date"
"I ordered a purple laced suit in XXl. SUPER SEXY!! This lace jumpsuit is a sure way to add some heat in the bedroom! The suit ties in the back so its easy to put on and even easier to take off. I love the rhinestone closures in the front. It fits perfectly around my hips. Its snug but not tight so it stays in place. Its clearly light weight and breathable. The material is stretchy and the jumpsuit will really enhance your figure. This is definetely different from any other lingerie I have purchased in the past.I stepped outside of my comfort zone with this and I have no complaints and my husband doesn't have any either. I would advise anyone who is purchasing to take a look at the sizing chart to make sure you are selecting the correct size for your body. I received this product discounted/free in exchange of my honest and unbiased review. The opinion is purely dependent on my own experience with the product	review_date"
"I ordered a Medium as i have a short torso and figured the lace would be a bit forgiving in the chest area.  I will probably reorder in a large I'm 5'4 and measure 39	28	40	 If i go up to an extra large it will b e too long to manage I think.  Over all the quality is great My husband loves it	review_date"
"It looks like what it's supposed to. But the \cups\"" are the same in all sizes...kinda crazy. I'd either have to have a small chest or implants for this to work for me. The bottoms fits well. Also	the torso is long. I'm 5ft 4in and it was kinda just floppy sitting there....for $11 you can't expect too much.I'll make it work. La""	review_date"
"This is awkwardly constructed with an extremely long torso. Fits oddly and I should have returned it because I鈥檒l never wear it. I would not recommend this purchase. It was a waste	review_date"
"It is so beautiful! I am 5鈥? and 170 pounds and normally wear a large in leggings and a 38 C bra. I ordered a XL and it fit very well I think a large would also fit. The lace a part is stretchy so if you have larger breasts you would still fit great. The only problem is the strings at the bottom get twisted as removing it. It takes about 5 minutes to get them straightened out but I鈥檓 ok with it.	review_date"
"Definitely not for a Plus Size Girl. It was very disappointing and unflattering when trying this piece on as it didn鈥檛 fit as it should. I weight well into the 200鈥檚 as it really didn鈥檛 fit well.... :/ I guess it鈥檚 motivating to lose weight.	review_date"
"This is such a sexy outfit	 definitely not your traditional lingerie. I'm 5'4 150 ish lbs I normally buy L or XL	 I bought a XL due to my 38DD's but it was a bit small on top but my hubby didn't care at all. It cover all the parts for the most part. It is a lovely sexy outfit	 something different to spic up your love life. My hubby made a joke say how i could be a stripper now	 which it was all fun and games. A good role playing outfit in my opinion. The material is a bit thin but who cares	 it will only be one for a few minutes right. It had three cute stones on top and three on bottom	 defiantly a cute touch not your hubby will notice or care. Overall a good piece to add to your wardrobe to spice things up and the color selection is great.	review_date"
"As exactly as the explain on their page! Great stuff	review_date"
"Itchy lace. Pretty design. The shipping took FOREVER.	review_date"
"Lingerie . This is so cute it's a little small but I had a baby a month ago so I'm sure it will fit better in a few months 	 I'm 5'3 and 145 lbs but this will fit perfect when I'm back down to 130 . I have a 36 bust I'm unsure what my waste is . It's well made and I just love the way it looks it's very sexy . My husband loves it and if I'm not careful I'll be having another baby next year lol.. I recommend this all the way it's really nice . I have no cons about it can't wait to put it to use .I received this lingerie at a  discount for my unbiased review and opinion.	review_date"
"It was cute	 but broke after 1 wear. I bought it again	 and it was broken IN THE PACKAGE. I don't recommend it if you want to wear it more than once. It isn't put together very sturdy. A friend bought this for me on their account	 so I am a verified customer. Just not on this account specifically.	review_date"
"Wasn't a perfect fit (I am a thin	 tall girl woth big boobs so not an easy body to fit) but it fit well enough. Looked sexy. Can't argue with the price.	review_date"
"Got it for my girlfriend. She's 5'6 and pretty fit and usually wears a small/medium	 so I got the small thinking the worst that could happen is it's a little small which I wouldn't complain about. However	 the torso is made for someone probably 3 whole inches taller	 because they're baggy and loose and it really takes away from the whole thing. Every other part was nice and I would have loved it	 but the fact that a small was so large on someone pretty average height really made it disappointing for us both.	review_date"
"I got pregnant with my third child in this tiny blue piece of lace- totally by accident! Lol 馃槃  It's one of my hubby's fav's.  We call is the baby-maker.  Watch out ladies!	review_date"
"Yes please	 gets cold up in there	review_date"
"Just perfect. Drives my husband wild.	review_date"
"Boob area is very tiny it covers but definitely shows some boob! Very sexy! Not a fan that it ties on rather it clip! And be gentle the bling in the middle will break easy!	review_date"
"It was extremely large at the top so I have to return it.  However	 the bottom fit okay.	review_date"
"VERY SMALL. I'd recommend sizing up two sizes. I'm a 36DD and the large barely fits.	review_date"
"beautiful piece. 5'2ish\ 145lbs 34c size medium fit beautifully.""	review_date"
"Ordered small and it fits but the length in the mid area is too long so now i have to figure out what to do with it smh	review_date"
"I was worried about the length since I have a longer torso but since it ties in the back I didn't have to worry about it. I'm 5'4\	 140lbs and a 34 A and I ordered a medium. It fits nice!""	review_date"
"Quality is not great.  The bust line rhinestone closure snapped in half right when I put in on.  Better quality is out there...	review_date"
"I didn't like at all. Too big and I'm not fan of the cloth	review_date"
"Fit very well but doesn't look too great on saggy boobs since there's no support whatsoever but the material was very stretchy so it fit nicely.	review_date"
"It was so cute \u0026 sexy. I'm happy with the purchase. It was just a lil small in the chest area but it doesn't really matter bc I'm wearing it in the bedroom \u0026 my husband loved it. I'm 5' 4\ 135lbs athletic build 32DDD in Victoria Secret bra""	review_date"
"Very sexy. I鈥檓 only 5鈥?鈥?and fit was good. My husband鈥檚 jaw hit the ground when he saw it. So mission accomplished!	review_date"
"Boyfriend loves it	 but it's too small.	review_date"
"My torso is quite long	 so it's almost too small for me. I haven't worn it for longer	 only tried it on	 so I have yet to see how comfortable it'll be wearing it an entire evening.	review_date"
"Love it and looks sexy!	review_date"
"This came is perfect condition and is exactly a pictured. It is made of a very stretchy lace so you can definitely move in this number. It was just a tad long for me but you would only notice if I sat down while wearing it.	review_date"
"I am 5'7\	 160lbs	 and 36B	 and the XL fits perfectly!  Planning on wearing this on our wedding night.  Super sexy.  Not much to it	 but a great deal for the price.""	review_date"
"Makes you feel super sexy. Very comfortable both with the design and material.	review_date"
"Im less than 5 2 and quite fit	 it did not sit where it was suppose to. Still cute.	review_date"
"Pretty but came too small	review_date"
"Perfect	 she loves it	 so do I :~)	review_date"
"Its ok. Looks pretty much as pictured here	review_date"
"This is sexy and lovely. I am happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"Love this!! Great price for a great item! It鈥檚 one is my favorites!	review_date"
"Thank you	 good product !	review_date"
"I liked the overall look of it	 but it fit small despite being \my size\""	 and also it was \""broken\"" at the front (the part that unites the chest area).""	review_date"
"MY PETITE 90 POUND WIFE ORDERED THIS IN SMALL BECAUSE SHE WAS ABLE TO BUY IT ON PROMOTION FOR 10 CENTS. I HAVE ORDERED THIS TYPE OF OUTFIT IN THE PAST BUT THE SMALLS WERE ALWAYS TOO LARGE	 I WAS SKEPTICAL	 BUT IT FITS GREAT AND SHE HAD FUN DASHING AROUND THE HOUSE IN IT.	review_date"
"It doesnt fit to the size.	review_date"
"She loved it. Fit perfectly and she said it was comfortable. Thanks	review_date"
"Really pleased with this. Wasn't expecting much for the price but it fits almost perfect and it very cute.	review_date"
"Good quality for the price! Sent my long distance boyfriend a pic in it and he loved it. I got a size small and I'm 5ft	 120lbs.	review_date"
"Gorgeous! Love it!	review_date"
"This item was broken the jewels were ripped apart	review_date"
"I'm 112 pounds and the small fit perfectly.. the clasp in the front did break. Other than that it's very sexy	review_date"
"Very sexy	 fits snug	review_date"
"The stitching wasn't good	 which resulted in a bad fit for my girlfriend.	review_date"
"This little number is just that spice you're looking for. Hubby of 12 years was putty when seeing me in this! Pair it with thigh high stockings and watch out!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Very impressed and the price is great!	review_date"
"Loved this lingerie!!! Fits great and is so sexy!! Definitely worth the money	review_date"
"5'9\ 140 lbs small fit perfect""	review_date"
"Cheaply made so u have to be careful putting on and taking off. Overall I love it	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Somewhat small. Way too many ties and straps. Not comfortable. Cheap material.	review_date"
"so sexy!	review_date"
"Broke before I could wear it.... Junk	review_date"
"The ordered the purple one. The color is vibrant and beautiful. I ordered a large as I'm 5'3\ and 160lbs	 DDS breasts . The fit wasn't the greatest. It barely hold my breasts in and the gem in thexchange bust area floats away from my body instead of laying flat. It didn't flatter my curves that we'll	 but it seemed to get a good reaction from my partner anyway.""	review_date"
"I love it on my girlfriend.	review_date"
"Excellent!	review_date"
"My Partner Is Going To Love This Little Surprise. 馃槉	review_date"
"Wasnt a perfect fit but pretty close. I like it.	review_date"
"Way toooo small in breast area....ABSOLUTELY NO STRETCH	review_date"
"Really good	review_date"
"Wife looks incredible in this...	review_date"
"Love it !!!!	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"I ordered a small and it still fit super bit on me. I鈥檓 5 feet tall so I figured buying a small size would work better but it was ridiculous how huge it was on me.	review_date"
"Broke as soon as I tried to put it on. Gems in the middle are extremely fragile.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy! Fits amazing and like high quality!	review_date"
"Nice outfit	 but made for a someone with a long torso. Doesn't work for anyone under 5'5...extra fabric hangs in front.	review_date"
"The quality very bad also the size	review_date"
"Odd shaped and not much give. Not as cute as I'd hoped for.	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"Wash your sizes	review_date"
"Was not what I was expecting. I thought it would cover more of me based on the pictures. The straps kept getting twisted and was difficult to even hand wash.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Worst product ever I feel like I've beenJipped I It  doesn't fit in my size that I ordered nora doesn't look anything like the picture.  I feel thoroughly disappointed	review_date"
"I loved the color and the way it looked but its not for women with big breast. I wear a 36DD and it only covered a portion of my breast. Unfortunately I had to send it back.	review_date"
"So this was my first purchase from Avidlove! And I LOVED IT!! I've never worn anything that made me feel so sexy and beautiful. They do run on the small side though. I'm usually a small but wear a 32D/DD and the bust was wayyyy too small! So I exchanged it. But overall best lingerie EVER! This is great to induce intimacy and make things really hot but I previously struggled with libido issues. So	 that is now in the past	 thanks to聽Vitamiss Libido 鈥?100% All Natural Herbal Female Libido Enhancement. Increase Arousal	 Desire	 and Pleasure!聽This product has changed my life	 I mean oh my gosh	 I took only 3 pills since I didn't know what would happen if I just took all 4	 and holy moly!!!! I just couldn't get enough	 I just kept going and the sex was fantastic ! Everything was so wet and perfect	 it's like I couldn't get enough. I absolutely love these pills and most definitely recommend them.	review_date"
"Worn once and washed it completely fell apart!	review_date"
"I am 5'4\ 130lbs 36B and I ordered a Medium navy blue . I could've ordered a small and it would've fit better	 however	 I wasn't sure if the product would cover my bottom and I was looking for a chemise that was a little more discrete. The medium left a little room on the chest for me and I find it comfortable.Package came on time	 as expected	 clean professional packaging	 clean smell.Pictures don't do justice in how much I like the chemise. The lace is very nice. I would hang dry	 or it does seem as though it'll teather over time as would any lace.I feel like I can wear it if I want to feel sexy or if I'm just trying to wrap my hair up and go to bed.""	review_date"
"So stinking gorgeous!  I'm a plus sized curvy girl and I never know if the sexy stuff will look good on me.  This one really does!  The material is soft and comfy.  When I first pulled it over my chest it seemed like it wasn't going to make it	 but I just went for it and it made it and the fit was perfect.  I love it!  Sexy for my man	 comfy to wear for sleeping.	review_date"
"It is soooo soft! When I bought it I was expecting for it to have the itchy lace that so often lines women's lingerie	 but I was wrong! I will probably buy more in different colors. I will say that the breast area is tiny - mine are Cs	 and this fits fine	 (barely covering the nip but I want it that way)... so women with larger breasts be aware!I'm 5'4\	 250ish lbs size 16/18. Got the XL and it fits nicely	 just long enough to cover the booty""	review_date"
"I really LOVE this	 it fits me so well and I feel beautiful in it. The top material is stretchy but holds large breasts very well	 the bottom part is soft \u0026 feels like a good quality. Its been through the wash many times and the lace has not fallen apart like other cheap lingerie.I have the white one but I am going to buy another color. This is so comfortable you'll want to wear it all day. The only negative is that if you have very large breasts they may not fit in the top part completely but it creates a reverse cleavage view on the bottom that looks really hot.	review_date"
"Beautiful color and super soft material. Great length as well. So many lingerie items are way too short	 this actually covers my booty. The fit in the bust is a little odd. The cup portion seems a little small for the \girls\"" and doesn't hold them in place exactly right	 but then it is very loose on the sides. Tightening the straps helped a bit. Over all it is very pretty and comfortable	 my lady bits just don't always stay in place.""	review_date"
"This arrived within two days. It looks like the photo	 and has an extremely nice/comfortable material. I will say this is something you鈥檇 probably want to wear if you鈥檙e hanging around with your significant other	 as women with a bigger bust may have a slip here or there. Women with smaller chests will fair just fine though. I am 5鈥?	 170 lbs and I got a medium and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I loved this nightgown but unfortunately one of the strap holders was broken.  It fit perfectly and was flattering.  I wanted to replace it but the price was 50% higher than I paid when I ordered it two days ago.  If it would have been the original price I certainly would have reordered	 and may have ordered a second in another color.  In the end I decided to buy a bra clip and repair the gown myself.	review_date"
I LOVE this set! I got the dark blue. It fit true to size. I will definitely be ordering in other colors! Its just the right amount of sexy and comfortable! The material is so soft and its very flattering. I bought as something a little sexier than my normal big t shirts to wear to bed (especially when my Honey comes over) and its PERFECT because I wont sacrifice comfort for looks. My honey will see it for the first time tonight and I am looking forward to seeing his reaction. Should be good 
"I liked this nightie. However	 I am returning it because I am top heavy and you can see a little too much skin in the front lace. In my case it does not cover everything I need it to. Therefore	 I would not feel comfortable wearing it around the house at night in front of the kids. I was looking something sexy for the husband but also not so revealing at the same time. The quality seems to be ok.	review_date"
"This is super cute and so comfortable to sleep in. It鈥檚 stretchy and super soft. I wasn鈥檛 expecting to fall in love with it	 but now I wear it all the time to bed	 just because it鈥檚 comfortable. I鈥檒l definitely be purchasing more.	review_date"
"So lovely.  My husband adored it and me in it!  And	 as an added bonus	 everything (and you know what I mean	 ladies) stayed in place during the night while I slept!  I will order this in another color.  I love it so much.	review_date"
"So I鈥檓 a 5鈥?鈥?female and and 170 lbs. I ordered a size medium and it fits great everywhere except length! It鈥檚 very short! Which I mean isn鈥檛 that big of a deal when you鈥檙e wearing it for your man. But definitely should be taken into consideration if you鈥檙e buying it to lounge around your house! With that being said the material is Soo Soft!	review_date"
"This item is very flattering for curvy bodies. I wear a 36G cup size	 so obviously the bust is too small	 and there鈥檚 a little bit of under breast exposed in the lace. Most things fit my chest small	 so i already expected the fit there to be off. I would recommend being careful with the lace. I poked a hole in it with my finger taking it off for the first time. I still love it	 though!	review_date"
"The fabric is super soft	 but I'm a 36 D	 got a large	 it's a little loose under by chest	 but not enough material to prevent spillage	 from both sides. I deduct one star for that because	 I wanted to sleep in it as well and I just can't comfortably	 but my man loves it	 so it will get 4 stars	review_date"
"Not at all what I was expecting	I am 5'7 weigh 130 ordered a small 	even though it is soft material it sooo baggy and huge and has weird cut at bottom 	 disapointed with what I received thinking it would be more fit and at least sexy 	it isn't either 	it's like a large tank top t-shirt .	review_date"
"This is true to size. I'm a 38C and 16 dress size. The XL fits me perfect. So glad it has adjustable straps. It soft and feels nice when wearing it. I love the peekaboo lace on the front and the additional lace on the back. Great item	 especially considering the price.	review_date"
"Soooooo soft and comfortable	 but there is not much room for boobs! I am 5'7\ and 120lbs (with a 32C chest/not big at all) and my ladies were peeking through the lace under where they should have been. No big deal though and I'll definitely still wear it for the comfort/cute factor!""	review_date"
"Very comfortable and soft fabric. Ordered XL and it fit perfect.	review_date"
"The front bra portion of the lace top was completely different on each side. One side was sewn leaving a small lace border at the cleavage while the other side had the under bra portion sewn to the very top of the lace leaving no border. Basically it looks pretty lopsided. There were also long messy seam ends on several parts of the lace top. the bottom portion is nice and comfortable material and the adjustable bra straps are nice. I didn't feel like returning it so I cut off the stray seam ends to try and make it look less sloppy but all in all this is not a well made product even for the price.	review_date"
"My wife liked it so much we purchased it again in another color.  She is slightly overweight it it makes her look very sexy.  I love it and she says it is very comfortable.  When she is wearing it	 I just want to jump her bones.	review_date"
"This. So sexy and comfy. I'm 5'1\ 130lbs and fit. He loves it and so do I. Worth the money to look great as well and relax in the great material.""	review_date"
"First	 this is a lovely nightgown.  I rated it three stars as the cup area seems small.  I am a C cup and this doesn鈥檛 seem to cover it.  It would work perfectly for an A or B.	review_date"
"sweet nightie but the bust is smaller than you would expect for a XXL	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy and comfortable 馃挄	review_date"
"I bought one of these nightgowns and fell in love with it so much that I turned around and bought 2 more! So comfy	 so soft	 and sexy. I love everything about it!	review_date"
"I was considering leaving two stars	 but there are good qualities about this. The material was just what I was looking for. Lightweight and soft	 it's perfect for sleeping. I wanted something pretty and sexy	 but something I could wear around the house before bed and not feel awkward about having my kids see me in it	 so long as I'm wearing pants or shorts.  I think this is good for that"
"This night gown is so soft and comfortable. I love the color (navy) and it fits perfectly. I'm 4'11/ 110lbs/ 32D/ US size 6 and I ordered a small	review_date"
"I say fits as expected because it fits perfectly	 though I didn鈥檛 expect that. I鈥檓 bigger up top but in every other way I wear a medium	 but the lace adjusts perfectly and accommodates me. It is so comfy and soft. So I recommend this to anyone concerned about the same thing. I鈥檓 very impressed with this quality.	review_date"
"The material for the skirt part is soooooo nice! It is thicker than expected and a silky soft cotton. The top part does not provide enough coverage in my option but it is still beautiful over all. Be careful of the lace that connects the two pieces. It is very delicate.	review_date"
"This is absolutely beautiful! It fits perfectly and very true to size. Love the length because it keeps my bum covered. The material is soft and flowy and is very nice to the touch. I would highly recommend this pajama to anyone. It is my new favorite 馃檪	review_date"
"I wanted some new sleepwear that would be comfortable to sleep in	 but also a bit on the sexy side. This nightgown is sexy	 but still very classy.  I ordered it in blue	 which is a very dark midnight navy color. It is lightweight and a very soft material which isn鈥檛 the always the case with this type nightie. Very happy with my purchase and would buy again.	review_date"
"Really like these	 I bought a black	 red and navy	 fit well and are very comfortable. Have been wearing them to sleep in for a mo th or so and have zero complaints. The 鈥渟kirt鈥?has enough flow that it is not tight which I appreciate.	review_date"
"Better than I expected! It is beautiful and well made! I like it way better than the $50+ chemises I tried on at VS the other day! I'm very impressed. I am 5'5\ 135 lbs 34DDD and a medium fit perfectly!""	review_date"
"This is form fitting	 yet stretchable. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?\u0026 120lbs and got a small. The hem is a few inches above my knee (a bit longer than the picture because I鈥檓 shorter). The material is very soft and comfortable. It鈥檚 both sexy and practical.	review_date"
"I am so disappointed	 only after a few wears and delicate washing	 the lace seam under the breast came apart. I am sure a seamstress could fix it because nothing ripped. It was so soft and pretty but either not made well or i got a lemon.	review_date"
"Material was comfortable	 but top didn't fit size D  breasts very well. I didn't care for it and returning it.	review_date"
"Amazing quality! Fit amazing	 I am 5鈥? and 140 pounds and a medium was a good size the adjustable straps help with chest variation I am a 36 C and just adjusted the straps to comfort	review_date"
"Tried this on - Loved how it fit...BUT when pulling it down - very quickly developed two holes when my fingers were to pull it down- the material which seemed just fine at first - I was surprised the holes happened	review_date"
"Very soft fabric and good fit.  The lace did not hold up well though	 easily snagging and unraveling. These are ok for the price	 but I wouldn't expect it to really last more than 2 washes.	review_date"
"Bad quality	 strap clip broke while trying it.	review_date"
"loveeeeee. I am well endowed and they are well supported and comfy	review_date"
"Love this. It isn't super sexy	 but it is cute and better than boring pjs. It is really comfortable and flattering. I would recommend and will most likely buy a couple more in different colors.	review_date"
"I love the color and fabric but all the reviews I read made it sound like a medium might be snug but it was too big. With that being said	 it fits awkwardly and isn鈥檛 flattering for my shape.	review_date"
"As soon as I tried this on	 I knew that I had to write a review!!! This is so well made	 soft and the fit is perfect!! I got back on Amazon and ordered another one in a different color!!! I鈥檓 in love with this!!!	review_date"
"very good quality	 soft	 stretchable	 comfortable	 and stylish. the strap is adjustable.	review_date"
"I am 5 7 and 130 lbs I wear a 34b and it fit well but the picture made it look wired and it's not so kinda disappointed about that	 but it is soft and cute	review_date"
Beautiful cut and material. Super soft and easy to care for
"馃憤	review_date"
"This is perfect! It hides my stomach and I look very thin in this.	review_date"
"It is very pretty	 made nice. Loved it. Not to trashy looking.	review_date"
"It's fits pretty true to size. It feels like tshirt material and the cups are the same material with the lace overlay. Not see thru at all.	review_date"
"I love this nightie. The material is soft and light	 which makes it incredibly comfortable. Bought another one in black. The busy area is a little small	 or I鈥檓 too large! But it鈥檚 for sleep so I don鈥檛 mind too much.	review_date"
"Fit is great	 a nice lose light nightgown! Still has the sexy size which is great too. Perfect for the summer nights. Material is so soft.	review_date"
"Love this gown. It was exactly what I have been looking for.	review_date"
"Bought small for B34 cup 140lb 5'6\ frame. Fits nice. Adjust bra straps for more 'lift' if you have issues""	review_date"
"Love this. It fit perfectly. I'm 5'9 145lns and got a medium. I wanted it long enough to wear around the kids and this one did that. It wasn't inappropriate at all or seethrough. I'll order one of the other colors soon.	review_date"
"This is cute and not a bad price but I wouldn鈥檛 recommend for anyone beyond a C cup.  I wear a size 14 and wear a 38 D bra and the xl and xxl didn鈥檛 fit or support my bust.	review_date"
"Love the material of this nightgown and the color is super pretty. It鈥檚 so soft and flowy. One down fall is that it wrinkles easy.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful lace nightgown. The lace \u0026 fabric are soft and the seams are flat making it very comfortable.	review_date"
"Super comfortable cute soft and still sexy! I ordered a large and I鈥檓 5鈥? and weight 170	review_date"
"It is extremely comfortable. I have only worn it once so I can't say for long time quality	 but I'm very happy especially for the price.	review_date"
"Not tight enough around the bust. I'm a small frame. 138lbs 5'9. Medium was a flop. Quality of material was great.	review_date"
"This is lovely	 feminine and comfortable. It also washes well in the washing machine unlike my others that need to be hand washed. I found it fit a little big.	review_date"
"I ordered a medium based on the size chart and that was definitely the size for me.  It's really soft and cute.  Maybe not the best quality when looking at the lace detail	 but I guess that's expected based on the price.	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable but not durable. I bought two and the lace cane apart on one after the first week.	review_date"
"Cute \u0026 comfy. Took away 3 stars because instead of pink	 I got CORAL	 an orangey color. Still kept it	 since it鈥檚 just a night gown.	review_date"
"Soft material	Comfortable	 very cute.Next time i would get a more dark color since the light blue didnt seem all that Sexy. Easy access for adult time and the thong/g string was a plus just not a huge fan of that style	 But i do love the sheer underneath the boob area. Very cute. Id buy again.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure about this	 but I really love it..  It looks nice on and fits and covers well	review_date"
"Just another hot outfit for my girlfriend! Not for the wife! 馃槈	review_date"
I just received.  It is very soft
"Super soft	 super comfortable. Nice quality	 cool not cold. My favorote pj. Husband loves it too.	review_date"
"Fits great everywhere except for breast area	 I have large breast to begin with nothing ever fits me right because of that!	review_date"
"Dislike	 it appeared to be breast fitting which it is not. I prefer a drawstring or form fitting for my breast since I鈥檓 in my late 40鈥檚. Very disappointed in this wear.	review_date"
"Very cute little slip	 more like a chemise size for me	 comes with a cute thong.	review_date"
"I like the feel of the material. The length is perfect. It鈥檚 not too see through if you still like to be a little modest. There is not a lot of upper support though. This complaint is. It enough to keep me from wearing it though.	review_date"
"Soft	 comfortable and cute. I鈥檓 5鈥? and still found it to be very short. Not appropriate for guests.	review_date"
"I am not in to sexy clothes	 so he is not used to but a tshirt	 so he was ecstatic about this.  Great slip too.  He loved this.  Fits beautifully too.  I am 5'9 	 44dd	 180 lbs. Very comfortable	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 material is soft. I鈥檓 130lbs and 5鈥? Medium was great	review_date"
"Love it! Super comfortable fabric	 and very flattering.	review_date"
"Nicely made. I'm 5'4\	 125 lbs	 34DD. I ordered the small	 it fits perfectly. The under bust lace is a pretty accent.  The fabric is very stretchy. Would fit many bra sizes.""	review_date"
"Turned me on when my neighbor wore it .	review_date"
"Super soft. Very nice looking. Looks like it has built in bra or some slight padding but is none	review_date"
"Fabric is nice. Fits well.  Very cute.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 so satisfied with my purchase. It鈥檚 so comfy and exactly like the picture	review_date"
"I adore this	 it fits this 5'6\ 200 lb mom of 3 so well! The fabric is soft	 the lace is soft and stretchy. Its sexy and comfy	 who could ask for anything more! Mine did not come with a matching panty which I am not upset about. I highly recommend and will be ordering more!""	review_date"
"Really pretty really comfortable	 and the color last after a few washes still :-).	review_date"
"Nice for sleeping in! Sexy look to it.	review_date"
"Didn't fit. Must be Asian sizes which never fits me well.	review_date"
"I like the fit true to size. However I ordered pink which shows lavender in the photo and I got hot pink as a delivered product. I don't like hot pink but kept it anyhow since my man liked it.	review_date"
"I will be buying this is more colors!!! Great material. So soft	review_date"
"Looks great on \u0026 I love the mato.	review_date"
"Well made and very pretty.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable	review_date"
"The fit looks good to me!!	review_date"
"Sexy 	 soft and sassy ! Totally comfy and fits great 馃憤 highly recommend	review_date"
"Super pretty	 comfortable	 sexy etc.. but yeah	 kinda delicate .. could fall apart sometime soon.. but I still love it.	review_date"
"Husband likes it. Ordered another!	review_date"
"Got for daughter for bridal shower. Wasnt real fond of the material!	review_date"
"Very soft love this item and so does my better half	 i will be ordering again.  Arrived on time and packaged well.	review_date"
"So comfortable and sexy.. I'm a bigger girl so I was a little nervous.. But when my husband's mouth dropped.. I knew I made a good purchase!!  Very flattering!!!	review_date"
"Soft very comfortable	review_date"
"This runs a little small in the bust area	 but otherwise a good purchase for the price.	review_date"
"Beautiful. Victoria鈥檚 Secret quality	review_date"
"Love it! Very flattering! Hubby loves it馃槈	review_date"
"No support at all... Disappointed. Would work out fine with a small chest	review_date"
"Wife loves it	review_date"
"Great for the price	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"But shorter than expected	review_date"
"I am 5\9 200 lbs and the L fit perfectly.  It is so soft and amazing	 I am ordering more.  I love wearing just t-shirts to bed	 and this is comparable to a simple	 soft t-shirt- only sexier.  A definite must buy.""	review_date"
"Like this product soft and fits well	review_date"
"So hot	review_date"
"Comfortable yet sexy! Quite happy with this!	review_date"
"I love this outfit. The panties didn鈥檛 work with my body type but the top was AWESOME. It is sexy and comfortable to sleep in!	review_date"
"Too small in bust area	review_date"
"Very sexy!!	review_date"
"This nighty is so comfortable and keeps my \girls\"" supported just right. I'm buying more colors!""	review_date"
"Must have	review_date"
"Comfy and very soft. Very cute.	review_date"
"Perfect fit.	review_date"
"Love it	 fit as expected soft and very classy.	review_date"
"Cotton faded in washItem runs big	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"Good looking!	review_date"
"See thru but that鈥檚 not an issue lol. Very comfortable and very cute!	review_date"
"Receiving items from online orders are not always as expected. This one meet all expectations.	review_date"
"So comfortable and sexy..May buy more in other colors.	review_date"
"Decent product for the price!	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"Love this!!!	review_date"
"Extremely cheap and not romantic	review_date"
"Soft	 elegant - lovely.	review_date"
"I love this nightgown and so does my fiance!!! It's comfortable and sexy!!!	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Awesome!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Its very pretty and soft	 overall fit well but it is shorter in the back than expected. I am 5鈥? and it comes just below my bum line so definitely only for bedroom !	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this. It arrived earlier than expected 	fit as expected and the fabric is  very nice. Makes me feel pretty. I ordered another color after receiving first order.	review_date"
"I bought this for myself and really love it! It is super soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Comfortable	 sexy and a great price! Was delivered promptly. I love it and would love to buy more colors!	review_date"
"Nice quality	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! Looks and feels beautiful!	review_date"
"Love them! Have a gray in it 2 =)	review_date"
"Amazing material. Made me feel super sexy	review_date"
"My size is usually a large	 but i ordered XXL and it fit me perfectly and felt comfortable.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and soft. I think the brighter colors would have looked a little sexier but I still love this piece	review_date"
"Item looks just as pictured	 nice material. Unfortunately though it runs small in the bust.	review_date"
"The body fits great but the chest is way too small lol. I鈥檓 a 36DD and it barely holds any of my girls in lol.	review_date"
"Very soft. Very sexy. Fits her perfectly	review_date"
"Lace ripped after about a month.	review_date"
"Very comfortable.  Very pretty!	review_date"
"馃挊 love it	review_date"
"The bust was way too small.	review_date"
"Soft	 pretty	 sexy.	review_date"
"Great material and quality. Love it.	review_date"
"Fabric is good. Feels good	 fits well.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Prefect	review_date"
"I really LOVE this. It fits me so well and feel beautiful in it. This is so comfortable that you鈥檒l want to wear it all day. I got it in blue and it鈥檚 true to its color	review_date"
"i wear an A cup and was lookin for something simple and cute鈥?i鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?160lbs  and ordered a medium. it fits great! a little on the short side but enough to cover the goods so id say i鈥檓 content with my purchase	review_date"
"I am 5.2\ and 168lbs 	i got the medium.  It is so beautiful and fits very nicely.  My boyfriend love it on me .""	review_date"
"Super comfy and sexy	review_date"
"Love this! Super soft material and fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I love it! It fits so well and I feel so sexy wearing it. My husband loved it so much...	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Wife looks good in it.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Sexy and fun! Fits well!	review_date"
"Great comfortable and cute would definitely buy again	review_date"
"This gown has a lace back that isn鈥檛 scratchy and fits to size.  Comfy enough to sleep in all night!!!  I鈥檓 going to get this in every color!!!	review_date"
"This is a lot thicker than expected	review_date"
"I returned it.	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable!!	review_date"
"I like it. However I did not receive the underwear.... very dissapointed.	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great	review_date"
"So soft and didnt realize it was a 2 pc..made it EVEN BETTER!!	review_date"
"This is my favorite among a few others I have. The fit is flattering	 it's comfortable and it's made pretty well	review_date"
"This nightgown is simple and cute. The fabric is very comfortable and the product fits as expected. It is a perfect product that is more 鈥渃lassy鈥?than 鈥渢rashy鈥?	review_date"
"Very soft fabric but as a bigger chested girl	 there鈥檚 no way of keeping the girls in the dress or anywhere near where the picture shows! (Yes	 I figured they wouldn鈥檛 but hoped for it!) Husband life Vesta it	 so that鈥檚 all the really matters! Lol	review_date"
"Not enough room in the cup area	 should have been appropriate for the size I ordered.	review_date"
"Husband loves it. Great material	review_date"
"Very nice and soft. Would love if it came in more colors.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Very pretty. Unfortunately	 I didn't receive the matching panty.	review_date"
"Most comfortable slip I've ever worn	 I have 6 from Victoria's Secret and this one beats those BY FAR.	review_date"
"True to size	 got a small and I鈥檓 5鈥? 115lbs. Breasts don鈥檛 look as nice as they do in the picture	 but that鈥檚 expected. Very comfortable	review_date"
"I love this nighty. It fits well. Its sexy. But most of all I love how comfortable I feel in it.  I'm buying more in different colors.	review_date"
"This is pretty nice! Larger than expected	 came fast	 seems kinda cheap but has held up nicely!	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 super soft fabric	 love it! I'll be buying one in every color now!	review_date"
"Exelente!!!	review_date"
"I love this nightgown! I will be getting more!	review_date"
"I love this item. I can鈥檛 wait to order more. The lace is a little cheap	 but the texture is soo soft too.	review_date"
"馃し馃徏鈥嶁檧锔?	review_date:January 20	 2019""	star"
"Fits perfectly and very flattering!	review_date"
"Nice soft material with sexy style! Can't beat the price!	review_date"
"It was so cute	 but it is not meant for big chested women. I am a 36 DDD	 and I ordered an XL. It was too big in the stomach and was way too small in the cups. Maybe would fit a C cup max.	review_date"
"I Love it! i love that the straps are adjustable	 which holds everything nicely. the material is soft too and comfortable to sleep in. Hubby approves too :) i highly recommend it.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly	 very nice color and it is a good quality fabric.	review_date"
"I ordered the XXL. I am 5'6\ 200 lbs	 16/18 and it fit just as a XXL should	 it is true to size. It is not not quite as pretty as I'd hoped for	 triangles that cover the breasts barely do so on me (38DD)	 and the stitching is a bit delicate (I tore it tugging it down over me first time trying it on. I'm not supet impressed	 but for the price it is acceptable.""	review_date"
"other than ran small love it .	review_date"
"I liked this very much but discovered largish holes in the seams on both sides the first time I wore it.	review_date"
"Fits perfect! Very flattering	review_date"
"Very soft fabric	 and looks simple but pretty.	review_date"
"Super soft fabric. Fits as expected. 5鈥?鈥?180 ibs	 ordered a large. Great purchase for the price.	review_date"
"So soft and attractive. I would buy again in more colors.	review_date"
"I usually wear a large or XL and this was a large it fits everywhere except in my top area. Doesn鈥檛 cover much In that area	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfortable!	review_date"
"Very comfortable but a bit large. I could have gone a size down	review_date"
"Fit is perfect. Doesn't cover entire breast	 but at least covers the nipples. My boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
"It fit beautifully. It's quite comfortable and soft with the right amount of lace.	review_date"
"Fits well	 very comfortable and sexy at the same time!	review_date"
"Soo comfortable. Fit as expected and very cute	review_date"
"Nicely made	 perfect fit and so comfortable. Very pretty and elegant too.	review_date"
"I ordered this to my size and it was too small across my chest. It did not come with a G String.	review_date"
"It is comfy	 but it came with part of the seam loose	 so I had to sew that part by hand.  Vendor needs to be careful with handling.	review_date"
"Love the material fits amazing.. and great breast support..	review_date"
"Poor quality I am disappointed again with the clothing that amazon has.	review_date"
"Very pleased with the look and fit	review_date"
"Thank goodness for elastic.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfect and it鈥檚 so soft	review_date"
"I love the way it fits and feels.	review_date"
"This is beautiful! It is super soft	 and has lace details. And you can't beat the price! It fits as expected	 and is really comfortable.	review_date"
"Item came as pictured good quality and fast shipping!	review_date"
"Very soft	 comfortable	 washed well	 great pricepoint.	review_date"
"Soft	 cute and cheap. Can't beat that!	review_date"
"I am in love with this night gown! I don鈥檛 even want to take it off!!	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece of lingerie! Fits perfectly and is soft	 comfy and sexy!	review_date"
"Sizes are very misleading	review_date"
"I just wish there was a wire in the cup area	review_date"
"Fit very well. The material was good. I would recommend it.	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"The material is good	review_date"
"It fit nice	 not too short and not too long	review_date"
"Love the fit and style!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Me encanto	 me quedo a la perfecci贸n	review_date"
"Fits really nice	 nice fabric	review_date"
"Love it. Great quality.	review_date"
"Loved the fit and looks.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Nice material.	review_date"
"Bien	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"XL fits like an XXL which is fine to sleep in. Light cotton material	 Ok quality lace	 thin! cotton straps. Be aware	 cup size does not scale up. XL is large waistline and rib cage	 still an A cup in terms of lace area	 so bigger tiddies should look elsewhere.	review_date"
"The reason I gave this product four stars is because the actual pink gown is extremely comfortable and fitting but the panties that come with it are cheap and will snap. The material on the night gown is soft and light. The dress comes down to my mid thigh so it covers everything. The size guide is correct on this product. It has adjustable straps. It covers my chest as well.	review_date"
"This fits	 once you can get it on. There is no stretch under the bust and that makes it very hard to get on and off. Also the bottom fabric is too thick and feels strange.	review_date"
"NIce and soft	 bust fits well.  5' 3\ 160 36D and the large fits good up top	 loose through the middle.  Flattering.""	review_date"
"My wife is a beautiful \MILF\"" or as I tell her	 she is my beautiful \""WILF!\"" She allows this Lingerie look awesome on her. Sexy Sexy Girl!""	review_date"
"It hangs down like a rag.The material is heavy and feels like cotton	 not light  like silky or satin. Not what I was looking for at all.	review_date"
"This set does not include panties. But it's super soft and sexy! I love all the detail!	review_date"
"Not even close to the size it said.	review_date"
"Super cute	 super soft	 great material. Only problem: the cups are SUPER small. I got a medium after reviewing the size chart	 but my large C cup girls don鈥檛 fit well. I鈥檒l be keeping because I hope to drop a few pounds	 but also will be buying another in a larger size	review_date"
"I cannot say enough about this! I got the red and it is a gorgeous color and fits sooo well! The fabric is buttery soft. I don鈥檛 even have to wear a bra with it which says a lot because I have mommy boobs after 3 kids. Lol  It has adjustable straps. And it is sooo comfortable! Like	 I would wear it as a nightgown. Lol I got the small and am 138lbs and 5鈥?鈥?	review_date:October 12	 2018""	star"
"Super comfy! Fit perfect. Soft material. Comes with thongs. Straps are adjustable. My husband and I love it on me	review_date"
"Love this	  got it for my wedding night. It's perfect!!!!	review_date"
"Item is beautiful	made from a high quality material. It runs a little large.very satisfied with the product.	review_date"
"Great fit. Feels like silk against my body.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this. It鈥檚 super soft and the material is great especially for the price. Bought the dark blue and it was true to color and will be buying more.	review_date"
"Great item	 well made	 love the feel	 great fit!!	review_date"
"too big	review_date"
"This item shipped really fast! The product came neatly packaged. It fits true to size. The ribbon is papery feeling but you can kind of tell that from the picture. Don鈥檛 plan of getting another tie bc it鈥檚 not like it鈥檒l stay on that long anyways. Looks cute without using the ribbon too. Comfortable material	 not itchy at all. It looks just like the picture. I got the white one.	review_date"
"So sexy	review_date"
"This is a beautiful	 sexy robe. I ordered a XXL for my wife who wears size 14-16	 is 5'4\	 \u0026 40G bra. She loved it. She can cover up other lingerie (or nothing at all) underneath and still look sexy and I can't complain because it's basically almost see-thru. Only negatives were the removable belt that comes with it is cheap and papery \u0026 it arrived with a tiny hole (1/2 a pinky nail-sized) torn in the back.""	review_date"
"If I could give this robe 12 stars I would.  I bought it in white	 but going to buy the Black as well.  It is SOOOOOOOO sexy.  The definition of sexy.  Like	 sexy looks at this robe in envy.  I love the added touch of the gentle lace fringe around the edges!!  It rounds out the overall look of this robe and gives such a luxurious appearance.  I had the collar portion a bit higher on my neck to create a longer line to my cleavage.  Just yes. SO MUCH YES!  And	 matching panties included!!  Other brands just give you a cheap	 scratchy robe	 but not this company!I just love everything about this robe and this company!	review_date"
"She loves it but it is true to size.  I bought a large cause she wears a medium. should have bought a medium but it still fits. a little large on the top but not a problem	 still looks good. not hot	 very sexy.  hell when i walked in the house and saw her in it	 something got hard immediately and the thing came off in about 20 minutes.  nice product n the white shows what men love to see. if ur a guy buying	 get the white (i have white n and black diff company) i think the white is best for us guys to view what we historically love more than even food and water.	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous	 comfy and sexy. I've already ordered another in white.	review_date"
"I'm so pleased with this sexy robe! I'm a thick woman	 5'6	 220lbs	 ordered a XXL and it fits perfectly! Not too small and not too big. Order this right away...you won't be disappointed!	review_date"
"Lovely piece the fabric is so delicate	 soft yet so sexy.  I'm very satisfied and will purchase it again.	review_date"
"very elegant and sexy! Im 5'2 130lbs 36DD I bought a size M.	review_date"
"This is such a lovely piece of material. Like the other reviews	 I nixed the paper-like ribbon"
"Quality-wise	 the product seemed to match what is pictured.  But if you are an average sized person	 like me (5' 6\ with an athletic build	 around 138 lbs	 wear a 34B and have a medium-sized butt	 most clothes sized S/M or 4-6 fit me OTR)	 then this outfit runs LARGE	 not small (like many of the reviews say!). I ordered a Medium and it looked absurd and was obviously much too large"
"Just has a weird ribbon for the belt. But other than that I love it! It鈥檚  just like picture!	review_date"
"the lace is beautiful	 hubs loved it. Super sexy!!	review_date"
"This little robe is sheer with flowers and sexy as can be. It shows off just the right amount of everything. It feels really soft against your skin and there is no irritation at all. I love the way it fits as it is perfect.	review_date"
"Beautiful color. Thin	 soft lace. It fits as expected. I'm 5'4\	 127lbs	 34/36 C/D cup	 29\"" hips. I got a small and it fits perfectly. The \""sash\"" to tie it closed is a cheap	 stiff feeling ribbon that I will probably replace eventually because I don't like it. Overall	 it's beautiful and it fits.""	review_date"
"This was actually better than I expected. A lot of people talked about the cheap ribbon	 but the feel and fabric were delightful. Hubby couldn鈥檛 keep his hands off of me which is the whole reason I purchased it anyways! The color was exquisite and I felt very sexy and seductive in it. I was like a temptress in the night. I鈥檇 definitely recommend this to someone looking for a quick little piece to spice up your evening. Your man will thank you too! It arrived in one day! Just in time for my anniversary weekend!	review_date"
"Four stars because it was a tiny bit smaller than expected. I've put on about ten pounds though. You're mileage may vary. Overall a beautiful	 sex little robe.	review_date"
"Very soft material	 I鈥檓 5鈥? and 160 lbs w 38 HH chest and fits w plenty of room to tie sash 	 I ordered a large in white and am considering ordering in black or red also	review_date"
"This is beautiful. I'm a size 6 in U.S. sizes and a 34b/32c	 so I ordered the medium	 just so I could wrap the top over a little more	 if I want to. The bottoms fit snug but comfortable. I ordered the white and it's very sexy. The belt was a satin ribbon and I was satisfied with the quality of it. The robe will look good over something else or nothing else.	review_date"
"聽I love it. I chose a medium one because I Wanted something little loose for my body and it was perfect	 even Small I know it could fits me too. The only think I didnt like it too much was the tie or belt. It is of poor quality	 it feels like a gift tie and it is not very soft	 it is a bit stiff.	review_date"
"I love it and it fits my perfectly not a fan of the panties lol someone else might love those and if the string was attached to the robe that would be nice but over all it鈥檚 beautiful	review_date"
"This was a wonderful gift which made both the giver and the recipient very happy. :) It has a nice sort of flowy fit to it	 which is great if you have more of a womanly than a tomboyish figure. Also	 the material is soft and not at all scratchy	 so if you鈥檙e sensitive to that kind of thing	 it won鈥檛 detract from the moment. Also	 I love the purple color I chose. It looks really nice.	review_date"
"I was so nervous about this. I hoped I would like it but I just didn鈥檛 know what to expect. I wanted to have something to wear for a possible boudoir shoot when I ordered it then I found out my husband was returning home from deployment while it was out on delivery. I tried it on and OMG.  I LOVE IT. I feel like it鈥檚 the perfect piece to spice up or keep it classy. Seldom do I find an item that makes me feel beautiful but this did it. If I could give it more stars I would.	review_date"
"The gown is very pretty and the fabric is nicer and soft. It runs little smaller than what鈥檚 in the size chart. I would recommend buying a size bigger. I like the fact that it hides enough or revels just enough to tempt the person. It鈥檚 sheer but not transparent. It鈥檚 beautifully made and is a very good quality product for a reasonable price.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up only because I am busty. I probably didn't have to though it really wasn't that big of a problem. I didn't have any issues with the belt (probably due to ordering one size up). My bf liked it very much and it is comfortable and light weight. Definitely worth purchasing.	review_date"
"Perfect product	 looks like lace but the material is very smooth. Let's just say my boyfriend usually hates lace but admitted this was extremely soft and tolerable. The ribbon is a little rough to work with but hardly enough to put anyone off from buying this lovely product. However I have to advise being careful of size. I ordered a size L. Now my bust is 41in waist 37in hips 41in. I probably could've gotten away with a medium. I think it depends on what style your looking for whether you want a flowing loser sexy or tighter sexy. With the large and my measurements it was flowy	 but still very sexy.	review_date"
"Orders for Valentine鈥檚 Day but I ended up working and my boyfriend was out of town so I鈥檓 just getting around to wearing it.I鈥檓 about 5鈥?	 220lb...36 H and I order a size xlarge...my concern was if it would close around my bust area but stil tie around my small waist.The fit was perfect	 the lace material is soft with a soft satin sash...also comes with matching thong!!	review_date"
"I really love this robe! It鈥檚 beautiful and exactly what I was expecting. I am disappointed though that when I took it out to use it for a photo shoot	 I noticed two slits near one of the arms. It looks like it was sliced with a box cutter as it is a very clean cut. I don鈥檛 know how this happened as I handled it very carefully	 did not use sharp objects to open the package	 and had not worn it yet"
"I love this !!!! Fit perfect ! i really think you could almost pair this with leggings and wear outside of the bedroom. maybe not but either way I am so happy with the way this fit!! Im a curvier girl about 250 and the XXl fit perfect :)) ladies do yourself a favor and get this 	 its very flattering. Oh and it comes with a matching thong :)	review_date"
"Bought this for the wife	 all I can say is SHWING!	review_date"
"Wedding night	 cute and kimono provided a different	 uncommon look. Fit great. I opted for a cute	 sexy bra underneath because there鈥檚 no support for your chest.	review_date"
"love the smooth touch of the lace. Lace is very soft. Its beautiful	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"This is pretty and fit just right. Typically I range from a size 10-12	 and after reading through the measurements and many reviews I ordered a size xl and glad I did. The fit is perfect and just what I was looking for	 especially at this price. The robe itself is nice and not cheap looking	 but I will agree with other reviewers about the ribbon/belt being the only complaint. It feels a little rough or stiff and mine already had one edge looking a bit frayed. However	 it still looks good and considering the price	 the ribbon/belt is no big downfall. I would purchase again or get another in a different color.	review_date"
"This is absolutely gorgeous! Great quality and fit.	review_date"
"This is literally the lowest quality item I have ever purchased on Amazon in 16 years! I felt totally ripped off.  The quality is akin to something you would find in a $7 clothing store in the US. It's far below the standards you might see in an inexpensive store like Forever 21 --- or even Walmart. If that's what you're going for	 order it. But you might as well take your $20 and light it on fire because this is literally my most regrettable purchase in 16 years.	review_date"
"Looks just like the pictures! Super sexy!	review_date"
"fits great	review_date"
"I am so happy I bought this! It鈥檚 soft flowy and not stiff or itchy at all like I was worried I could be! I normally order 4/6 or medium	 I got the black one in medium and it鈥檚 just right. I will probably be ordering the white later!	review_date"
"This piece is very sexy. It looks like the picture. I鈥檓 5鈥? 192 lbs CURVY and I ordered an xl. It鈥檚 a PERFECT fit.	review_date"
"I wear this over a chemise slip type short nightgown	 it looks very pretty.I do not use the panty that comes with it	 I bought it for the kimono.The lace is soft	 not scratchy	 and seems well made.	review_date"
"Arrived on time.  Great price for this unique piece.  FYI comes with the thongs!  Super gorgeous and good lace quality.  No complaints.	review_date"
"Very sexy on me and the fit is exactly what I was hoping for. My only complaint is the literal ribbon they give you for the sash. I'd rather have a similar material that actually holds the robe close. Other than that	 it's perfect. Will certainly be ordering from Avidlove again.	review_date"
"It fits amazingly and looks STUNNING. Great purchase!	review_date"
"Glad I read the reviews...sexy and soft.  Lace is smooth	 but as stated by previous reviewers...ribbon tie is stiff and cheap.  Will go to fabric store in order to replace ribbon. Glad I sized up so garment wraps and lays nicely.	review_date"
"My chesty wife who is 10 lbs over her ideal weigh looks smoking hot is this.  It fit very nicely and gets my motor going when she wears this outfit.  Nice quality and great look.	review_date"
"Wow.  I have a few extra pounds on me and I felt very confident and comfortable in this.  My hubby loved it.  Quality isn鈥檛 amazing but it鈥檚 good enough and I can live with it bc it looked so cute (aka: sexy) on!	review_date"
"This is beautiful and so soft on my skin. It's elegant and sexy. And Can be worn alone or with other lingerie the size is as expected. And the length is just right.	review_date"
"This was great for the price. I received the robe	 belt and a thong. The fit was good. The material felt nice when I put it on. Most people mentioned the belt being flimsy but I didn't think it was. I received a thick ribbon like belt. I liked it. I ordered XL because I'm tall. 6ft	 206 lbs I wanted it to cover some of my posterior. Lol.	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Beautiful lace. Like others have said	 the ribbon is papery feeling. Overall	 I love this robe. Didn鈥檛 care for the g-string that came with it	 but that was not why I bought the robe.	review_date"
"I looooove this. It makes everything extra sexy. I wear it outside the bedroom with casual wear and it looks amazing. It looks amazing with bra and underwear. I was worried about the price of something that uses such minimal amount of material but worth it	review_date"
"Look great on	review_date"
"I love this robe. I can't wait to show my boyfriend	 he will like it more than I do! I ordered a large just to be safe but would have been fine with a medium. It's very comfortable and looks good.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?1	 152lbs	 x large fit perfect. Not too big	 not too small.	review_date"
"This lacy robe is perfect! There isn't much to it (which is the point) and it will be perfect for my wedding night. For the price	 it's pretty well-made.	review_date"
"great quality	 style	 nice soft touch material. Too long	 should be .made shorter	review_date"
"Love the robe	 super soft! As other reviews state	 the belt is cheap and I plan on purchasing something different to use as a belt. I ordered an XL (normally I would have ordered a Large) to ensure that it would be the right size. Happy that I did.	review_date"
"This babydoll is a true what you see is what you get! The lace is beautifully detailed. I highly recommend it!!	review_date"
"Gift for a friend at a bridal shower. She said she liked it. Looks sexy in the packaging. Ordered theblack one.	review_date"
"This is better in person. Bought as a bachelorette party gift and I鈥檓 excited to give her this tomorrow to go with her  lingerie. The material is soft with a beautiful lace. The stitching is of good quality with no strays. I would recommend this to anyone for a gift or to have for those special bedroom nights.	review_date"
"Cute. I'm a size 16	 189lbs and ordered the XXL. It was a little too big for my taste so I returned it. The white seemed a little off white but since it's lace	 it was hard to tell. I would recommend it. I might try a smaller size and different color next time. Good buy	review_date"
"Very pretty and unique! I have a vast collection of lingerie I have spent a lot more on and the quality	 fit and look is very comparable! Would recommend!	review_date"
"My husband loved it.  What more is there to say.	review_date"
"Bought this for a wedding lingerie party	 she loved it! Awesome Price!	review_date"
"I could've gotten away with a medium instead of a large but it still fits very well. The fabric feels very nice on my skin and looks AMAZING.	review_date"
"But the robe itself is pretty decent. Not amazing but decent. I threw the sash out right away. I鈥檒l either wear it without one or I鈥檒l replace it with lace ribbon or something. The sash was stiff and wrinkled. Just all around bizarre.	review_date"
"So simple and sexy!	review_date"
"I love the richness of the red. It is a true red. I also really like the look of the lace. The embroidery in the lace is thick which makes it stiff versus soft and the ribbon is thick and stiff as well. As an open robe is has a lovely hang because the lace is heavier.	review_date"
"Order about 1 to 2 sizes a bit larger. My size is approx a size 8 ordered a xxl. Fit perfectly.The lace is real pretty \u0026 has a silky black ribbon.  loved it!!	review_date"
"The robe looks exactly as the picture. Not high quality lace	 but there were no flaws. Honestly what guy would know the difference? Perfect to wear over lingerie or by itself. Would be gorgeous for a boudoir shoot. Would have given 5 stars if the lace was a bit softer.	review_date"
It's so pretty! It fits really nicely
"Loved it! Bought it for a white part to go over a slip dress and received so many compliments	review_date"
"I bought this a gift for a bride. The quality is great. Material is soft and not cheap lookong. The bride LOVED it. Since i did not buy it for myself I cannot comment on the durability of the product	 but from what i could tell it was a quality robe.	review_date"
"This was so soft and delicate. I really loved it. I would definitely recommend buying it. It鈥檚 very sexy and feminine. Quality was very good.	review_date"
"I thought this was going to run small soI bought an XL.  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?so I probablyShould have bought a large.  It鈥檚 a little long on me probably about 4 inches past my bum.  But it鈥檚 adorable and comfortable.  The sash is a basic ribbon. And it works fine.	review_date"
"Even though she's only worn it on once the results were Mahvelous!	review_date"
"Bought this for a bride-to-be. Very cute. The sash is not the best quality	 but the kimono is lovely. She was very happy when she opened her gift!	review_date"
"Loved the robe	 feels extremely delicate. The bottoms didn't fit	 but it's gotta beautifully with the baby doll Brazilian panty and bra set.	review_date"
"I BOUGHT this for my honeymoon and my husband's eyes damn near popped out of his head! I'm a fan!	review_date"
"Really pretty! Bought this to wear over a red teddy and it looked bangin鈥?	review_date"
"Looks just lovely on and feels wonderful. The purple is beautiful.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 needs washed w fabric softener n hung dry to rid chemical smell and static cling. Also I'm an xl and the waist was a tid small	 I'd suggest getting 1 size up.	review_date"
"10/10 no rips	 and fit true to size. Material is soft and smooth to touch	 ribbon is kinda unnecessary but that material alone is smooth	 also. I ordered a large and am about 5'7 and 175 pounds so curvy	 lol and it fits great	 it'll hit about the bottom of your bum if you're like me	 should definitely purchase if you're interested	 it's a sexy piece! :)	review_date"
"Very nice cover up for bathing suit or for an outfit too. comfortable not itchy. The belt is okay	 I like it without	review_date"
"The tie is cheap but that can be easily replaced. The robe itself is super cute and my husband loved it.	review_date"
"I feel so sexy when wearing this \u0026 it鈥檚 my mans favorite!	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 so maybe I'm just short but I ordered this and it felt large. My boyfriend loved it though.	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous piece! My husband loved it so much I got it in both black and white.	review_date"
"Retorne el producto porque escog铆 una talla mayor a la m铆a pensando que corr铆an chiquitos como tantos otros productos fabricados en China !! Pero me quedo grande	 lo que quiere decir que las medidas son correctas !!	review_date"
"So sexy!! My husband loves it!!	review_date"
"So beautifull. But had to give it as a gift	 was too big for me. I will definetly buy another one	 smaller size this time. Don't regret the pourcase.	review_date"
"Held up after a spin in the washer and dryer. Good quality for the money. Very sexy. Hard to go wrong.	review_date"
This one was beautiful! I'm sure he will love it 
"exactly as pictured	 very sexy.	review_date"
"Love!! definitely a good product considering how cheap it was! I will for sure order from them again	review_date"
"Just Wow. So sexy	 I鈥檇 say it fits true to size	 I am 155lbs 5	5 and got a large	 if unsure go with bigger size. It鈥檚 so flattering and sexy	 hides and shows just what I want it to	 it鈥檚 beautiful	 perfect short length	 I love everything about it!!!!! Please buy itt :)))	review_date"
"It's really cute and is very	 very thin like some of of the other reviews mentioned. However	 considering it won't be on long	 the thinness isn't much of a deal breaker.	review_date"
"Adorable and sexy fits amazing I know there was complaints about the bow I revived a very soft satin bow so I鈥檓 very pleased 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"WOW!! i like it looks beautiful on my wife. I like this color something new.	review_date"
"Very sexy lace robe! I love it!	review_date"
"Bellissima	review_date"
"Super sexy	 buy a size larger than you would think if you want it to close and feel flowy	 I did and was very happy and so was my boyfriend!	review_date"
"Hubby loved it !  Perfect !	review_date"
"I love this kimono and it looks fantastic on	review_date"
"Love this product! It fits a little smaller than expected	 besides that the quality is great and it ooks fantastic on.	review_date"
"It is really cute	 I order a XL thinking it could be big but it is a little bit small. I am normally M or L and I think it could be Medium. But it is really cute 	 basic lace but  delicate 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"The lace is beautiful and feels very high end. Just as good as anything from stores that charge 4x the price. I highly recommend.	review_date"
"Super cute and good quality for the price!	review_date"
"This was a gift for my girlfriend	but I must admit	 I鈥檓 enjoying the benefits.I love the way she looks and she loves the way she feels.	review_date"
"Very cute robe	 although it would be nice if it had an extra set of strings attached like lots of robes have to keep it tied shut. For as long as it stays on i suppose it is just as well though. My boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Amazing!!!! I am buying the same but different colour	 it's perfect	 I love it!	review_date"
"Good quality	 soft material	review_date"
"Overall a pretty robe	 but two stars because of the ribbon being so cheap and a tear was in the robe in one spot as soon as I took it out of the packaging.	review_date"
"This is sooo sexy. Its a little robe that adds a sexy vibe to it. Cute to wear as a sexy time cover up.	review_date"
"This is such a beautiful piece! I saw this piece at a lingerie store near me for $40.00 and so when I bought it here I was a little worried it wouldnt be the same.... BUT IT WAS!!! Im so happy with this and the cute little thong that came with it 馃槏	review_date"
"Love this!!! Very sexy...couldn't wait to wear it for my husband!	review_date"
"just like the picture	review_date"
"Super cute fit! and it comes with a G-string. Very Sexy	review_date"
"The robe itself is nice	 just like others have said (expect for the ribbon that feels kinda cheap but that鈥檚 an easy fix). I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥濃€橽u0026 normally an XL/size 16 so I ordered an XXL thinking it鈥檚 be a little big	 nope	 it fits like a large so ORDER UP!	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love this piece! Made our wedding night even more special.	review_date"
"The robe  was a little bit bigger but is ok	 as the picture.	review_date"
"Would be five  stars if there were belt loops and they paid the manufacturer an extra fifty cents for a sash that did not resembles the nearly indestructible weather resistant ribbons placed on memorial wreaths.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this product I ordered a size up just in case it ran small but it was perfect! Good quality material	  awesome fit!	review_date"
"Very nice. I was worried the Lace would be itchy	 but it was actually a little soft. A little classier on me	 then in the picture. Worth the price.	review_date"
"Fits amazingly and highly recommend!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"This piece is well made and looks amazing. It's a little shorter than pictured but not by much at all! It could also look shorter on me because of my body type. Arrived earlier than expected also!	review_date"
"Love it	"
"gift	review_date"
"I love it. It鈥檚 just perfect.	review_date"
"LOVE it! It's smooth and soft and very pretty! highly recommend	review_date"
"Super sexy. Other reviewers are correct... The lace is shockingly soft and the ribbon is worthless.	review_date"
"sexy as hell. As portrayed in the pic.	review_date"
"Excellent purchase!	review_date"
"Very surprised at good quality	  very flattering as well. Will be buying more in different colors! I am 140lbs 5'6 and purchased a SMALL. FITS PERFECT	review_date"
"I love this Robe! I ordered the black	 in large. It fits very well and the fabric is soft and the lace is pretty elegant. For the price	 you can鈥檛 go wrong with this. I鈥檝e even worn it as a sexy cover over a simple black dress.	review_date"
"Beautiful and delicate!!  I got the black xxl and am a size 16/18 and it fit great!!  Looks amazing on its own with panties or over favorite lingerie!  I love it so much that I plan to buy in white next!  Sexy and feminine!	review_date"
"Fits well	looks beautiful! Ribbon isnt the best but the robe is so pretty and looks so nice if you know what I mean! Cant comment on the underwear I didnt order this for them and wont be using them.	review_date"
"Sexy	 sexy	 sexy! What more can I say?! I love the fit and the look! It's perfect!	review_date"
"This robe is BEAUTIFUL and I cannot wait to order it in another color.	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"I loved this wore it for a girls night lingierie party and I have to say I was so happy I bought this.	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"Not very flattering on my mama bod. It also is very static-y and that drives me nuts when I have it on. I got it for boudoir photos and ended up not using it.	review_date"
"My wife loved the material and I love the way it looks on her.	review_date"
"El producto es de muy buena calidad 	 dice mi esposa que no le pica en la piel es muy suave y muy bonito	la entrega fue prime y la talla es como la ped铆 quedo encantada con el producto	review_date"
"Simply beautiful...	review_date"
"Beautiful top kind of big	review_date"
"This fit perfectly and was perfect length. Only thing I would note is if you have a larger chest I would order a size up	 it's pretty tight there.	review_date"
"It is beautiful and sexy. Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"This is absolutely beautiful and the complaints about the ribbon tie I didn't find it an issue. If you have this on long enough to be concerned about the ribbon....馃槈	review_date"
"This color is nice	 I went for pure. Dress is sexy but slightly itchy fabric. The belt is rather stiff	 I was using my own belt ftom the other set.	review_date"
"Nice quality	review_date"
"Soft and Beautiful	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"LOOOOOOOVED this. Fit great looked amazing.	review_date"
"I felt very sexy in this robe. My husband definitely loved it due to his reaction when he saw me in it. I鈥檒l just say we had a good night. The belt is just like a piece of ribbon	 but I still loved this overall.	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"I absolutely love this robe! So comfy and cute	 and the boyfriend approves!	review_date"
"This piece is beautiful! I got the largest size which is the 2x and it is perfect. In my opinion I have big arms and was afraid of the lace wouldn't fit but I have still have room and it is great. The only problem is that maybe because of my arms	 which i doubt	 the sleeves aren't as long as shown in the pictures but it is fine.	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Hot!	review_date"
"It's very pretty.  I'm 5'4\	 174lbs. I got the lg. It fit good.  Maybe should've gotten so. Arrived on time.  Good pig. With thong.""	review_date"
"Nice kimono and good feel to it.  Love the color.  Ordered a different color now too.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"4 my beautiful wife	 love you in it baby. Damn you're hot	review_date"
"very soft and comfy feel to skin! quality also is good!	review_date"
"Love it so pretty!	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Sexy!!	review_date"
"Looks \u0026 feels beautiful on	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! A tad bit itchy from the lace. Extremely cute and great quality for the price. Could use a silk replacement bow though If you'd like it to feel \more luxurious\""""	review_date"
"Lace is soft. Wrap drapes.	review_date"
"lace is very nice and just as pictured	 happy with purchase	review_date"
"Buy this	 don't worry if you'll love it	 you will.	review_date"
"This made my husband very happy lol	review_date"
"Very very pretty on	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"I bought this for a bride and she absolutely loved it! It's so pretty and delicate. Perfect for a wedding night or honeymoon.	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"So soft and sexy... bought for Valentine's day.. can't wait for him to see it..I loovvee it!	review_date"
"I really like this one. It fit as expected and it is beautiful. Very cute.	review_date"
"The package arrived on time and it is very nice but I was very disappointed when I took it out the package and saw it was torn. So disappointing.	review_date"
"Super delicate and beautiful	review_date"
"It is exactly what i expected. Will be handy for any planned nights of fun	review_date"
"Nice kimono but it runs a little big. I'm 5'0\ and 105 and the small size was kinda big on me.""	review_date"
"excellent.	review_date"
"Extremely cute in my opinion	  extremely sexy in my husband's opinion.  Win	 win! Great product for the price. Highly reccomend!	review_date"
"she loved it and looks smashing in it	review_date"
"Kinda loose fitting compared to the sizing chart. Still	 with some finness and tweaking it was looking pretty good for the party I needed it for.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Super pretty and soft	review_date"
"Feels so good and so comfortable	review_date"
"Beautiful! Ordered a size up from regular shirt size.	review_date"
"Got an XL. No rips or holes	 but can tell its cheaply made. Fabric is not comfortable nor is the ribbon.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Like everyone else said	 the belt is just a cheap ribbon	 but otherwise I love this! It shipped fast and fit exactly as the description said. I'm 5'10\ and it just coveres my bum.""	review_date"
"It looks so pretty and fits great!	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"love this lacy robe	 very pretty. four stars only because the sash  that came with it is a weird stiff -ish material and thin. have been using sash from diff robe with it	review_date"
"He like it I use for every day to put make up on in morning	review_date"
"It fit perfectly	review_date"
"I love the softness of the fabric	 the color	 the fit \u0026 the design.	review_date"
"I really loved this! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?134lbs and I ordered a medium	 but probably should have gotten a small! But overall it was very nice! It seems like it was made with good quality material. I would definitely reccomend!	review_date"
"Ordered for myself as a surprise for my fiancee. Absolutely beautifully made. Fit perfectly. Wonderful quality. We both enjoyed it! Made me feel beautiful	 sexy	 and confident.	review_date"
"Lovely. My man loved. Washed	 of course	 before I wore.  Belt doesn鈥檛 really work but like another reviewer said	 it doesn鈥檛 stay belted long anyway.  Runs a little big	review_date"
"Fits great.	review_date"
"Love this! Comfortable	 sexy and flattering! Very fast shipping.	review_date"
"Beatiful and elegant. Very	 very sexy.	review_date"
"The material is very delicate and it looks very fancy.	review_date"
"I cannot say enough great things about this awesome quality kimono!  Very sexy what a great price! I鈥檓 buying these for my friends	review_date"
"Not sure of durability but looks good. \Underwear\"" is a joke""	review_date"
"I love it and feel like i can wear this more then one time if you ever gotten lace that can be a problem sometimes but love it love it	review_date"
"Beautiful! I love this! Came with a small rip in the back at the bottom but getting an exchange.	review_date"
"Grear product	review_date"
"Beautiful on!! Love this!!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"So soft and cozy!! I love it!! You and your love will enjoy looks good on anyone true to size and I鈥檓 a big breasted and big booty type of girl!! Must purchase for you mighty wear	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"This was cute but the ribbon came apart after 2nd use	review_date"
"Fit her amazing and looked just as the picture shows.	review_date"
"Loved this sexy piece.	review_date"
"Wonderful Seller fast shipping love it n the material	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 comes with a thong	 and very sexy!	review_date"
"Very nice robe perfect foe being playful. Not the best tie. But worth the money.	review_date"
"Good quality... short but covers... very sexy....	review_date"
"Loved the fact that the lace was soft and not the treated scratchy kind.  Pretty.	review_date"
"A great wedding gift	review_date"
"So comfortable and soft!	review_date"
"Nice lace	 vibrant color! Love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful and has multiple uses	 considering ordering other colors.	review_date"
"It's very cheap material but very beautiful	 not sure why this can cost that much. Would not recommend	review_date"
"Nice product. Fit was on target.	review_date"
"One of the most amazing pieces I have ever received from online store! Considering purchasing a couplers in different colors!	review_date"
"outstanding product for the price.  get your card out and get this for your partner.. awesome	review_date"
"Looks and feels great.	review_date"
Boyfriend loved it 
"When I opened this it looked so pretty. I tried it on and it had small holes all over. Even the thong it came with had a giant hole right in the front. It鈥檚 going back.	review_date"
"I love it 馃グ and he love it too鈽猴笍	review_date"
"I'm 5 ft and 250 lbs im bottom heavy and this is really sexy it's a little big but that's what I wanted now the thong itself was made funny so it doesn't fit right but overall me and my man love it!	review_date"
"Very happy with my purchase	 fits as expected will be purchasing more very soon	review_date"
"I shoulda bought a small considering I鈥檓 usually a small in things but I bought a medium to avoid it being too big and it鈥檚 a tad too big.	review_date"
"Once I pulled it out of the package there was a hole about a softball size in the back . 馃槳 But I tried it on after noticing it and it was a perfect size for me.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Looked Amazing	review_date"
"Super cute!!!	review_date"
"My wife loved it! Said the material wasn't itchy.	review_date"
"Big hit on Valentine's  day!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 elegant yet sexy!	review_date"
"i鈥檓 5鈥? and 163lb	 got a large and it fits amazing!! so soft and sexy	 i feel great in it. only complaint is i don鈥檛 like the thong at all.	review_date"
"Super sexy and flirty! Love it!	review_date"
"LOVE THIS. I鈥檓 5鈥?. 185 lbs and this was just perfect. It much prettier in person. The color is so vibrant. Wore it over a black lingerie body suit. Worked perfectly.	review_date"
"Can鈥檛 wait for honeymoon!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful and the lace is so delicate and soft. My husband loves it and actually thanked me for buying this robe!	review_date"
"Great value and SUPER sexy!!! I鈥檓 very happy with my purchases.	review_date"
"Its perfect for the pricing. Dont care for the belt it keeps coming a loose. The material is different from the lace. The belt is more like a shiny ribbon n no matter how tight you tie it. It comes untied.	review_date"
"It's cute the thong part came in bigger than expected	review_date"
"bought it to surprise my man. but when he came home to find me wearing it he thought I was cheating. so I never found out if he liked it or not.	review_date"
"My hubby loved it! It鈥檚 fits great!	review_date"
"LOVE LOOOOVEEE!!! I want one in every color. Super flattering even if you have a lil tummy	review_date"
"This kimono is true to size	 the lace is very sexy and peeks through. I don't think it's itchy at all. I chose my regular size and it fit fine! Happy to use for Valentine's Day.	review_date"
"Got it for my girlfriend for our anniversary and she loved it and so did I	review_date"
"Love it !! Looks great and super sexy	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy robe! Only downfall was the tie that comes with is is not soft at all! A very stiff ribbon to be honest.	review_date"
"Looks and feels great	 my wife just loved it. The only problem is the thong is a little too big for a small size.	review_date"
"I feel so sexy in this and my boyfriend loves it. It's really soft and it hides the parts I want hidden. I don't care too much for the the fabric that ties around the waist though but that comes off easily.  Ladies grab it up quick.	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"After reading the reviews I ordered up 2 sizes to an XXL and it still fit like a medium.  Its pretty but I am returning it.	review_date"
"It's a good price point for a good quality product. Was careful when washing and it has help up well after a few months of use.	review_date"
"This is a cute item however it is poor quality for the price... Also it fits a little smaller than I expected.	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Words cannot explain the way the wife looks while wearing this thing.	review_date"
"Vest is cute	 pants are very thin and large. Overall product very cheap quality	 not worth $30.	review_date"
"This piece of clothing has became my FAVORITE thing to wear at work. LOVE LOVE LOVE it.	review_date"
"Super cute	 I love it!!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love this piece!! So classy yet super sexy!	review_date"
"Love the color. She liked it too	review_date"
"This is beautiful! Going to use it as a cardigan. Will be one of my favorites of my closet	review_date"
"Absolutely sexy.	review_date"
"I love this!!	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Drapes so sexy.  So glad I purchased! My hubby will love this on me.	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks great in this and she loves wearing it for me.	review_date"
"Really nice robe for the price	 very sexy and elegant	review_date"
"Very sexy I love it I will definitely be ordering it in red and white	review_date"
"Beautiful as expected order a little larger for better fit	review_date"
"Sexy little wrap! Affordable and fun!	review_date"
"Gorgeous . Just as pictured just was missing the belt loops :/	review_date"
"Very pretty. I ordered this for our honeymoon. Great for the price!	review_date"
"I ordered this in black.  It is very pretty.  The lace is beautiful.  It would be very sexy if it would just stay closed a bit.  It's a wrap style robe.  Usually	 there are ties attached to the inside so you can tie the robe closed.  Then you simply tie the \belt\"" to finish the look.  The ribbon belt has a bit of a paper like feel to it.  It's not a soft	 silky ribbon.  But	 that turns out to be a good thing because it doesn't untie.  Unfortunately	 the minute you move in this robe	 you'll find yourself needing to reposition the robe because it slips wide open.  I'm going to add a small snap to hold the robe closed so I can wear it for a bit w/o constantly pulling it closed.  If the manufacturer simply added the inside ties	 this robe would be awesome.  If you don't mind adding a snap or sewing in some inside ties	 then I would tell you to buy this.  My husband loved the robe \u0026 was afraid I would return it.  But	 since I can fix the one flaw this robe has simply by sewing in a snap	 I will definitely keep this.  I would recommend that you either was this by hand or place it in a mesh laundry bag \u0026 wash on delicate.""	review_date"
"I want this in every color! The lace detailing is phenomenal and it鈥檚 so sexy with just a tiny thong under. Love love love	review_date"
"It was cool	review_date"
"Love this lace robe and it fit nicely	 however beware it comes with holes. A bit upset as it had more than one of these.	review_date"
"Super sexy!!!	review_date"
"Great item	review_date"
"The lace is so soft and my hubby loved it on me! I'm always skeptical purchasing clothing online	 but this was a great purchase.	review_date"
"Cute	 but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Hot just as pic	review_date"
"SWeet	review_date"
"Very pretty !	review_date"
"Just as pictured! I usually wear a medium but I ordered a large just in case and it's perfect!!	review_date"
"Very cheap	review_date"
"I regrets	 favorite piece	review_date"
"Has a nice quality feel. The pattern is classy and doesn't give that cheap look. Woukd reccomend again.	review_date"
"Sexy	 but larger than I expected.	review_date"
"Beautiful but a bit larger than I anticipated!  Wish that there was an extra small option.	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE. Super sexy and made you feel good about it. It wasn鈥檛 super tight like other lingerie that can make you self conscious. It was perfect!	review_date"
"Just ok product. You get the quality offered for the price you pay	review_date"
"This is very pretty on and well made	review_date"
"Love this product	 it鈥檚 fit well and so sexy.	review_date"
The fit and the design is really nice. The satin tie was kind of strange
"I like it. It鈥檚 mostly mesh with lace trim	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very soft	 fits great	 ribbon tie could be softer	 but still a great value.	review_date"
"love it !!	review_date"
"Very simple and sexy.	review_date"
"she loves it thanks	review_date"
"Todo me gusto.	review_date"
"Nice material can鈥檛 wait to show it off!!	review_date"
"So pretty and soft. Great price for a sexy cover up	review_date"
"Beautiful robe...love the red!	review_date"
"Gawd she looks amazing in this	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks very good in this	review_date"
"Un poco grande y la tela muy delicada totalmente	 quiero devolver el producto	review_date"
"It's sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"It fits me good. I鈥檓 a order the red one next	review_date"
"Very sexy and flattering!	review_date"
"I love how it feels it doesn鈥檛 feel all scratchy and it looks great on any body type	review_date"
"Super soft. Love it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 perfect!	review_date"
"I like the way it fit and i also like the fabric.	review_date"
Very pretty! 
"It looks great!	review_date"
"cheap material however i kept it because its so cute!	review_date"
"Buy 1 size up	review_date"
"I bought it as a gift for a friends bachelorette party. I wasn鈥檛 expecting great quality but it was okay for the price. Nothin outrageous. Still cute though	review_date"
"Super soft! Great quality.	review_date"
"Cute gift.	review_date"
"Love it! Comfortable	 and sexy!	review_date"
"surprised how nice this feels for a sexy inexpensive piece.	review_date"
"I loved it ! Very sexy	review_date"
"Love it 馃槏	review_date"
"Bought for a friend for her honeymoon- her hubby loved it!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Fit as expected!	review_date"
"I love the way this looks and fits on me! I do see what the other reviews were talking about with the stash but it's not bad at all!	review_date"
"I love the look.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Anyone who's gonna buy it	 do it! You'll be happy!	review_date"
"Get a smaller size	 mine was huge.. the material is nice and soft	review_date"
"Fit as expected. Very sexy robe and perfect for boudoir photos.	review_date"
"Loved the look and feel of it	 but the ribbon was very cheap and wouldn鈥檛 stay. It was slightly shorter than I expected	 but overall a good buy.	review_date"
"I didn't expect much for the price so can't be disappointed. It fits well and did the trick in the sexy department.	review_date"
"When I open it up and didn't a night gown init it has the robe and belt and a gstring	review_date"
"okay	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful and incredibly sexy. Great surprise	review_date"
"Fits well and looks very beautiful! Material is decent.	review_date"
"I love my first kimono! I originally bought this for a boudoir photoshoot but now I just love to wear it whenever! The lace is so pretty and it's very soft! I feel sexy and comfortable in this! Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Mine didn't even come with a belt	 but after reading what other buyers wrote	 they weren't all that quality anyway. Nothing like what I was expecting.	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Perfect color.	review_date"
"love this garment! so beautiful and matched perfectly with lingerie i had gotten from victoria's secret	review_date"
"Liked this item very much but I order a medium but it was a little on the bigger size.	review_date"
"I love it 馃槏!	review_date"
"This little lace robe is beautiful. My only problem with it is the ribbon sash feels almost papery. I threw it away because I didn't like that part	 but it's an easy fix. Craft stores sell wide ribbon that can be easily replaced as the sash on this.	review_date"
"Came as described and very sexy. Very nice for the price you pay and it accomplished its purpose.	review_date"
"Good buy for the price	review_date"
"Sexy all on it's own or with something underneath! The husband was very happy!	review_date"
"Sexy soft loved	review_date"
"Great little piece! Strong sexy material. Loved it!	review_date"
"Love it and most importantly my hubby loved it!	review_date"
"Item arrived ripped. Not worth it.	review_date"
"Looks great feels nice runs a bit small and is definetly disposable after one or two uses. Perfect for its price	review_date"
"Fast shipping	 nice product	review_date"
"Cute but disappointed it had a tear in it	review_date"
"decent quality	review_date"
"Runs about one size smaller than you would expect	review_date"
"My man love it !!!!馃檲馃檲馃檲馃檴馃檴馃檴	review_date"
"Sexy but too small!	review_date"
"I love the robe and the panties SO much! The belt was a wide set ribbon and I could not seem to tie it in a cute way	 though.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Works	review_date"
"Very delicate and feminine. I love it!	review_date"
"Amazing 	 my mate enjoyed this sexy piece	review_date"
"I love it and my mate also loved it I will getting more 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"It looked like the picture and it fit me how I wanted it.	review_date"
"Super bonito	review_date"
"It obviously doesn't fit they way it looks on the model	 and the silk waistband is very cheap and doesn't make a bow quite as nice as the one shown. It was an okay purchase.	review_date"
"For as expected from reading the size chart and reading reviews. Only 鈥渃omplaint鈥?is that the tie is stiff.	review_date"
"Wonderful robe!	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured!	review_date"
"Really soft lace and a beautiful color	 got it for a bachelorette party gift so hopefully she loves it! Seems true to size sleeves are wide so it has plenty of room	review_date"
"I absolutely love love love! Looks exactly like the picture. It鈥檚 fits well but you will not have it on for long.	review_date"
"I liked it so much I ordered another one in red :)	review_date"
"Attractive	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Yes I like it it's my expectation for a gift for bridal shower.thanks	review_date"
"Looks 馃憤	review_date"
"Perfect! Soft and sexy!	review_date"
"He loved it !	review_date"
"Returned the product.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Gorgeous!  Highly recommend.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"love it!	review_date"
"Very nice and sexy!	review_date"
"I thought it was just the robe but it has a pair of thongs as well.	review_date"
"It's nice	review_date"
"Bought for a special occasion! It did not disappoint. High quality and well made this fit as expected	 I could have sized down but I wanted the whole robe feel. For the price you can NOT buy better lingerie! I use to buy from fredricks but Avidlove is now my go to. Very sexy and affordable without sacrificing quality.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Exactly what I expected and more.	review_date"
"It was great thank you	review_date"
"This item is	not for curvy woman at all way to small and I ordered a xl even tho I wear a medium but I know how them ppl in China make	items very small	review_date"
"I bought the white one and matched in with some red underneath and it was beautiful!!!	review_date"
"My boyfriend LOVED it. I liked this because I felt covered up (even though I really wasn鈥檛) and it gave me more confidence. Perfect valentines surprises. Only a little uncomfortable/ itchy.	review_date"
"I love the way it looks!	review_date"
"Yes very nice and sexy	review_date"
"the fit was good and look exactly like the picture	review_date"
"Pretty great for price would size up ribbon is small	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"It fits perfectly	review_date"
"Loved the robe. it's super cute! but the waist tie feels like someone just cut it right off of a roll of thick ribbon	 so I won't be using it.	review_date"
"Super cute !	review_date"
"at least one size smaller (maybe 2) but still very pretty	review_date"
"I got a bigger size but the material is all bad don鈥檛 waste your time this is not like a robe at all	review_date"
"All in all I love it cheap ribbon but it's still super cute and I would order again	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"Good	 showed up in the time frame it was supposed to.	review_date"
"Really good quality material	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty and fits well.	review_date"
"The robe is beautiful	 the ribbon to wrap around it is cheap AF. But that's easy enough to fix.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy fits amazing. I鈥檓 in love	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Omg super beautiful and soft. Im medium 150 pound and orden size large. Amazing 馃槏鉂わ笍	review_date"
"runs very small	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Very sexy and great quality!	review_date"
"Very pretty and soft. Sizing chart is accurate	review_date"
"A little big for a small \u0026 I鈥檓 a medium. Overall nice material	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"The item was exactly as described and the right size the material it's made of is a little light could be a little heavier other than that good item	review_date"
"I love it but mine came a bit too large for me. But over all it鈥檚 still sexy!	review_date"
"Very pretty	"
"material feels weird but it is a pretty robe	review_date"
"Missing panties.	review_date"
"Looks and feels great	review_date"
"Sexy sexy	review_date"
"Very very beautiful. I feel very sexy in this. cant wait to wear it on Vacation for my man.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Garbage	review_date"
"Its ok so far	review_date"
"Great quality but the size ran small.	review_date"
"Sexy and great price!	review_date"
"Seems to fit a little small	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and my husband loved it!!	review_date"
"Loved the way it fit but the material is cheap and does rip easily. Mine has a hole in it and I didn鈥檛 even wear it yet	review_date"
"Love it but when recurved had a rip in the sleeve.	review_date"
"The lace robe is nice but the ribbon is very cheap	review_date"
"YASSSZZZZZZZ	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It was a little bigger than I thought it would be	review_date"
"Sexy! High quality! Fits amazing! I am so pleased!	review_date"
"My hubby loved it	review_date"
"Baasst thing i h'v aver order from amazon 馃憤馃憤馃憤	review_date"
"It was okay but the size was a little bigger then the measurement chart suggested but it鈥檚 okay	review_date"
"Model must be wearing an XL	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Great soft lace!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love the softness of the material..	review_date"
"It fitness really well and came fast. My boyfriend loved it and it feels soft.	review_date"
"real sexy	review_date"
"Awesome product. She looked so good in it that I almost lost it!	review_date"
"this fits perfectly. the fabric is wonderful. the way the cut winds up laying on the contours of your body achieves the exact sexy and sensual effect you're looking for. There is a belt that will not be used.doesn't seem to be matched well but resting just open is how it's best anyway.length is perfect	review_date"
"I really love this	 it was just a little to small	review_date"
"Came in with a big rip on it	 not very pleased about it.	review_date"
"Great material and fits tts	review_date"
"The quality of the item was excellent.	review_date"
"It was for a gift.Very nice.	review_date"
"Way too small.  Very cheaply made	review_date"
Loved it! I felt very sexy and the hubby loved it too 
"The perfect cover up for the sexy little piece underneath.	review_date"
"Buena calidad	review_date"
"Way large for a medium	review_date"
"Poor quality. Don't buy. There are others on Amazon similar to this that are better quality. The tie is literally a ribbon. And it's too small.	review_date"
"ordered small but big as a tent	review_date"
"Looked amazing on my wife and fit perfect!	review_date"
"I like it!!	review_date"
"Perfect fit!. Looks and feels great	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"The item itself is beautiful....but unfortunately it arrived damaged with a hole on the back. It's likely just because the fabric is a thin lace. It would likely snag very easily but was damaged before I even had a chance to wear it.	review_date"
"It was surprisingly soft ! It looks like the photo. I felt very beautiful in this thank you !	review_date"
"Stiff!	review_date"
"Loved	review_date"
"Beautiful lace material	 not cheap feeling like I thought it may have been. Yes	 like all the other reviews the ribbon is paper like but has somewhat of a silky shine to-it works. I am a size 9 in jeans and I ordered a medium and its fits great	 falls just below my behind. :)	review_date"
"It is really beautiful but I thought the material was going to be a thicker but it is good for the price.	review_date"
"Smoking hot.  Soft lace. Came with free thigh high fishnet hose. Feeling very sexy in this. The down side is the tie is made of the type of ribbon you wrap gifts with. Very stiff and ugly.	review_date"
"It is unfortunate that it looks great in the picture and in reality it looks so cheap. When my wife asked how much she said to return it right away. She wouldn't pay 5 dollars for that. The problem is the finishing	 the loose strings gives the impression of manufacturer error and not a design improvement.	review_date"
"Very cute but it took almost a week longer than it should of to get here (I was using prime) and didn鈥檛 have the ribbon with it.	review_date"
"I am very big busted (36G) with not much of a backside.  L-XL tops and M (size 8 jeans).  I worried about the robe not closing in the front and sagging in the back.  I ordered a black XL and it fit perfectly.  The robe actually fell just right	 giving the illusion of a round butt.  I feel like a L would have also fit well.  I prefer my robes a little loose.  Beautiful robe and I would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this nightgown. Ordered an extra large even though a medium would have fit just so so I had some extra room. The lease sash was perfect and it went really well with the other item I bought from the same company. I will definitely be buying again in more colors. A+ all around.	review_date"
"Love it	 but received it too small.  Order two sizes up.  Mine doesn't close and I ordered a size up.	review_date"
"So this item is okay for the price. Nothing to brag about	 although it鈥檚 really cute	 it鈥檚 really thin. I ordered a large. The panties were way too big and the robe was big and long. I should鈥檝e gotten a small. I wanted it to be short.	review_date"
"Sexy. Lace is a little more stiff/itchy than most of the other products from this brand.	review_date"
"Just as picture shows. Lays beautifully against skin. One thing worth mentioning is that thing is a changeable strap size so don鈥檛 be alarmed if off center. Just adjust.	review_date"
"Not crazy about this. I should have returned. I think it looks very cheap.( though its pretty)  Not soft	 kinda itchy	 looks like it will fall apart the first wash.	review_date"
"the design is super cute	 but I just opened the package and put it on	 the left side has a large (about 4 inch) tear down the seam.	review_date"
"This product fit me odd in the shoulder and neckline.  It sticks up and does not lay flat.  And the strap is kinnda cheap looking.	review_date"
"I ordered this item in a large. The fit was true to size. I did end up returning the item. The collar was awkward. It is not as wide as shown in the picture. The belt that comes with the robe was also awkward and doesn't really match the robe.	review_date"
"Not bad quality	 but unless you have the same figure as the girl in the picture	 you won't look like that in it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 soft and comfy but the belt is a flimsy ribbon. It doesn鈥檛 really keep the robe closed well unless you tie it extremely tight. There needs to be a button near the waist or have the 2 inside ties that most robes have.	review_date"
"This is super cute and sexy. Made out of a slightly cheaper material that will pull very easily but for the price you can鈥檛 beat it!	review_date"
"I am fixing my negative previous review because I didn't see the band and I thought It had sent it without this piece	 hopefully I found it and I am happy...	review_date"
"It definitely fit馃槉 although the straps to hold the straps were cheaply made but you get what you paid for馃し鈥嶁檪锔?Other than that I would recommend this to others馃槍	review_date"
"Wow. Very nice ..love how sassy it is ...happy I got this .. looking forward to my weekend...	review_date"
"I love it	 it for perfect and so smooth	review_date"
"Too large for a medium. Also had a hole when it arrived. Fabric is alright.	review_date"
"Product came with a giant hole down the back of the robe.	review_date"
"its ok but i think is not the best design	 i buy 2xl but looks like large	review_date"
"When I opened it I was disappointed to find several holes in the back.	review_date"
"Too small even though I ordered the size I normally wear.  I was disappointed.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 stretch at all	 fits small. I鈥檓 usually a sz 6 and got a medium and the armpit part of the robe doesn鈥檛 fit snug into my pits.	review_date"
"It was nice I just didn't like the line on sales because my arms are big.  It made my arms look bigger.	review_date"
"Material is cheesy. Don't recommend.	review_date"
"Very cute and love the lace pattern. The ribbon is stiff and cheap though and doesnt really keep the robe closed.	review_date"
"so cheaply made. thinner than tissue paper and the belt is just cut black ribbon. not silk anything. don't waste your money	review_date"
"The robe is so cheaply made that there was a cut in the lace	 a large cut.  I missed my return window by a day so I could't return the product.  What a waste of money.	review_date"
"I never even received the sash	 so it looks stupid without one. Also I鈥檓 small framed so the sash would鈥檝e helped a lot with it鈥檚 oversizing. Small should be small.The lacing was pretty	 I just wish it was actually wearable and came with everything I purchased...	review_date"
"It was a little small but got the job done.	review_date"
"The robe itself is lovely but the sash is very cheaply made- it is stiff and scratchy.  I'll be able to go buy some sort of fabric or ribbon to replace it easy enough but I wish the original had just been as nice as the rest of the robe.	review_date"
"In the picture it looks long or long ish. I tried this on and it hits my high on my waist	 shorter than the shirt I had on. Super dissatisfied.	review_date"
"Gorgeous design. Somewhat cheap material and cheap material for the belt	review_date"
"Love this robe! Super sexy I don鈥檛 really like the ribbon though that ties it together.	review_date"
"Very good!	review_date"
"It ran too small.	review_date"
"Robe itself is ok. Not great	 but not awful. The ribbon is horrible quality"
"good	review_date"
"Super xheap. I am so sad	review_date"
"I didn't find it to be worth $17.00 the sash is hard and does not tie well and it's just kinda cut weird.	review_date"
"Im 5'11 170 lb ( size 8/9) and this fits great	review_date"
"I absolutely love this it is a perfect fit I brought it just for the robe not the thongs lol.	review_date"
"i like the style	 fits a little big i am a medium	 but nothing i cant work with. Material is soft but sturdy	 not silk like as i was expecting.	review_date"
"My wife told me that if I ever wear this again	 she'll actually divorce me. 0/10	 would not recommend.	review_date"
"Loved the color but that was about it	 isn鈥檛 very long and hardly covers my butt and took it out of the bag and there is a hole in the back 馃様	review_date"
"Wasn't quite as nice as I thought it would be	 even for the cheap price	 it's pretty much a throw away item	review_date"
"It too large! Some of the material is a little loose on the stitching but other than that I love it!	review_date"
"Very sexy and fit well but ripped too easily	review_date"
"Cheap...thin...ok for one night...	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so small like youth size	review_date"
"Came with hole in it. Doesn鈥檛 look like the photo either.	review_date"
"Never received the sash:/	review_date"
"She looks so sexy in this! Great fit!	review_date"
"Hot !	review_date"
"This product was missing the belt.	review_date"
"I didn't get my belt	review_date"
"Cheap material. Not as pictured.	review_date"
"Too big	review_date"
"Although this is a bit big for me	 most things are. (I am very petite at 5'1\ and 108 lbs).However	 I LOVE this kimono. Super sultry	 sexy	 sheer	 and perfect to walk around the house inwhen its warm and drafty. For me	 the belt doesn't actually keep the kimono closed	 but I'm happy to walkaround without it closed anyhow. I do recommend this is if you're looking for a kimono to wear aroundat night. Goes great with other lace pieces underneath.""	review_date"
"Good product for the price. I鈥檓 5鈥? size 2-4 and it fit great with a tiny bit of room to spare. Flattering fit and length.	review_date"
"This is SUPER cute. I had this on my wish list and it was gifted to me and just oh wow	 I love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful he loved it	review_date"
"We are swingers and I got this for my wife when we play with other couples party鈥檚 and stuff she loves it	review_date"
"Love this outfit and feel special in it. My hubby loves it too!!!	review_date"
"The size fits perfectly I got a size too big BUT it doesn鈥檛 even go past the hips. I am 5鈥? 	 which is short and barely goes past my belly button.	review_date"
"Got this (in white) for my friends lingerie shower and she loved it!!!	review_date"
"I like it!	review_date"
"Beautiful robe	 looks great but it did not come with the sash to tie. Fortunately o have a different one to use. Other than that	 awesome.	review_date"
"I love it \u0026 bought 3 more as gifts. Fits as expected \u0026 is loose fitting on arms.	review_date"
"This was actually really pretty. It was a little small	 but only maybe like 2 inches. My husband loved it. I think it shipped in maybe 2 days.	review_date"
"Quality	review_date"
"Love this so much. Glad I read the sizing. I normally wear a large but given the manufacturer sizing	 I am an XXL.  This is so soft and lovely on	 and my man loves it. I love to wear it because it is soft and sexy. I may buy another color.	review_date"
"I am super pleased with this purchase!!I am 5鈥? and weigh 140 lbsI ordered a medium and it fits BEAUTIFULLY!Soft and stretchy- not too thin.I bought a similar one from Adome in black and I also love it!I am tickled! Good bye VS!	review_date"
"I feel so sexy in this	 I bought it for my husband for Easter ( he seems to be a fan)I鈥檓 tall	 5鈥?0 so I ordered 2 sizes up to compensate for length 	 I could have ordered one size up . Two sizes made it loose  in the hips and it provided full ( although sheer) coverage of the ladies.It looks great with a bunny tail and ears!	review_date"
"I love the lingerie	 but I should have gotten a large	 I am 4 foot 11 in height and about 115  in weight 	but my cup size is 34 DD  so the top part covers very little	  which I am sure my man isnt going to mind	 lol so the medium fits just a large would have fit me perfectly. I was going to get a large then read other reviews of how it was long	 so since I am on the shorter side I figured medium would do the job	 but the way it is made you can adjust the length	 basically	 with the string style tie on the top	 either way I am happy with my purchase and can't wait to wear it for my man 	 I am suprising him on our weekend get away with some sexy lingerie and such	we have 5 kids so we dont get much us time	  I hope he likes it....	review_date"
"Ordered small worried be too big cuz usually fit in xs. But fit perfectly. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 105 lbs with a little tummy from pregnancy ( what I call my little fat馃槅) my breast since breastfeeding are now a size b cup but fit well just not a whole lot of cleavage. Excited to surprise my hubby tomorrow on Valentine鈥檚 Day!	review_date"
"I usually don't write reviews	 but I am in love with this sexy one-piece teddy. I am 5'4'' and I weight 158 lb	 I ordered a Large and it fits fine. This one-piece will make you feel so sexy.	review_date"
"This is awesome	 I purchased the red xxlarge one. Be sure to cold wash separate as the red dye does wash out some! Also if you're taller than 5'6 this may not fit you well. There is kind of a strap on the butt that doesn't come up all the way as I've got a big booty and am tall so be warned but otherwise it fits great. Top fits well and is very adjustable with a long time strap like a bikini top-- I'm a 36c.This is my favorite sexy item I've bought so far!	review_date"
"This piece does run a bit small if u have a booty and hips. But it鈥檚 not too bad. I鈥檓 a size 10 in jeans I got the xl and it didn鈥檛 fit so I got the xxl and it fit like a glove. It鈥檚 crotchless so it鈥檚 perfect! I purchased in another pair.	review_date"
"At the beginning I didn鈥檛 know what was my size because my cup is a DD but my back is a 32 so I finally decide with the S and it was perfect.	review_date"
"I loved this piece but had to return it. It fit perfectly everywhere except my bottom. The bottom was way too small. Depending on your shape you may need to order a size up. I am 5'2 140ish lbs	 thicker body type	 B cup. I returned the L for an XL which is on the way. Hopefully it fits much better.	review_date"
"This lingerie fits perfectly	 n made out of good fabric. I washed it b4 putting it on	 n it still in great shape unlike some cheaply made sleepwear.	review_date"
"Paper thin super uncomfortable. If you have any body shape this will super weird on \u0026 won鈥檛 holdUp any breasts with the thin strap at the top. It鈥檒l probably cut through my neck.... Returned	review_date"
"This is one of the sexiest things I have ever put on my body! I was somewhat skeptical about buying lingerie off the internet since you can't see the quality of the material before hand	 but I do not regret my decision at all. The quality of VS has been declining for years and the price is too high for me	 so I thought I would try buying from Prime instead. Like	 I said	 great decision! I can't wait to wear this for my man :)	review_date"
"聽A great one piece! All things arrived are in perfect condition. The picture on Amazon doesn't capture how beautiful this lingerie is. It drapes around my body in a flattering way. I'm 154 lbs 5'7\	 I chose L size. And I felt so sexy in it""	review_date"
"Beat my expectations	 $12 for lingerie you usually get what you pay for but this item is not only adorable on	 it's comfortable	 supportive and extremely sexy. It covered some areas in the tummy I liked and it supported the girls and made them look fantastic. My hubby LOVES it. I just ordered another one in a different color. I find it helpful to know what size people are when reading reviews	 I'm 5'4 200. Ordered XXL. Fit was spot on.	review_date"
"I went to a lingerie party and it fit perfect 馃憣馃従 !!! I absolutely loved it ..I鈥檓 5鈥? 178 pounds i bought a large my bra size is 34 DDD	review_date"
"Don't bother...made so cheaply and defective. I didn't expect much for the price but this was inexcusable. I can't believe it made it past qc...	review_date"
"I absolutely LOVE it (the boyfriend loves it even more). I have almost non-existent boobs and can never find lingerie that鈥檚 doesn鈥檛 look ridiculous but this teddy looks hot!	review_date"
"Looks ok. I was disappointed that the silver ring is made of plastic. I think it would be fine if you were keeping it yourself	 but I didn't feel that it was nice enough to give as a lingerie shower gift.	review_date"
"I got a medium. I'm 5-1 and petite and it fit like a size small.	review_date"
"Item came broken and unwearable	 silver worn off of plastic and top piece was unattached to bottom piece. Hoping seller will refund my money as I鈥檓 not paying to send this back to China.	review_date"
"Love this!  Felt super sexy just putting it on and fits so much better if you have a little more lovin on your \love handles\"".  Highly recommended.""	review_date"
"Fits well. Boyfriend loves it. Only problem is it gets loose and Bunchy round the stomach when I sit	 crouch	 or anything other than stand straight up or lay flat as a board.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and 150 pounds and a 36 DDD and ordered a large. I have larger hips so a XL I feel would have fitted me better but I impressed by the color and material	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVED the way this looks. I am 5'7	 200 lbs and this fit so flattering. I bought red but will be buying more colors right now. I highly recommend this product	 especially if you are larger and want something that looks and makes you feel sexy.	review_date"
"Item as described	 the only thing I wasn鈥檛 anticipating was that the 鈥渞ing鈥?connecting the two prices was plastic and not metal. Overall	 good purchase for price	review_date"
"Like most Adome	 the lace was soft and comfy. From my perspective color was muuuuuch brighter than I anticipated and the sizing was much too large. I returned this item.	review_date"
"Like most Adome products	 this is super soft	 cute	 with lovely lace. This particular item ran large and the style just didn't work for me so I returned it.	review_date"
"Alittle tight around my thigh section but for the most part	 it fits good. I use it for shoots so it looks nice on camera.	review_date"
"I was very disappointed to find that the hook was missing so that I could clasp the bra back into the hooks provided. Now I either can't wear it or have to go buy a piece that I can sew on that will look cheap and not match the color of the rest. I tried tying it into a knot	 but since the fabric is stretchy	 it just comes untied. Very upset.	review_date"
"NIce	review_date"
"Great little thing to get off your love and with the split no waiting if you really in a hurry!	review_date"
"Super cozy and the medium fits perfect highly recommend. The price is awesome and it's well made.	review_date"
"It fits every part of my body well except for the breast area I don't have much up top so its really loose but other than that it's perfect it's comfortable light a little stretch to it it's not cheaply put together the fabric is great I'm happy I ordered it.	review_date"
"Looked great on my wife. Shes a little shy	 and liked it as well	review_date"
"This lingerie bodysuit is super comfortable and has room to stretch. Really nice color	 I like this red piece. And these straps shaped me perfectly. It can fit a lot of different body types! I am 5'4\ 135lbs	 large is good.""	review_date"
"Very stretchy and surprisingly comfortable. It鈥檚 very direct and my parter loved the sexy surprise.	review_date"
"It ran a little bit smaller than expected but my wife loves it	review_date"
"I love this! My only complaint is that the silver piece that connects the top and bottom is super cheap plastic. I鈥檓 really hoping it doesn鈥檛 break. Fits well	 flattering. Overall	 I am happy with my purchase. I ordered the red in a large. Fits as expected. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 150 lbs.	review_date"
"Bought the black. Very sexy and fits well	review_date"
"Items fits perfect! Very well made	 comfortable	 and very soft material.	review_date"
"Wife tried on	 fits well and now onto some freaky	review_date"
"Really tight in the crotch area.  Everything bulges out.  Not nearly as sexy as the pic.  Really tight all over.	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Though nowhere in the description does it say it鈥檚 crotchless. Not a problem	 just unexpected. You can see it in the posted pictures but only if you look closely.	review_date"
"exceeded my expectations and my husband enjoyed it	review_date"
"Fit as expected	review_date"
"Fun! Fits well	review_date"
"He enjoyed it!	review_date"
"love this!!! it is soooooo comfy and sexy without even trying	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. Creates a beautiful hourglass figure	Could also be worn with jeans and a jacket.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Loved this...strechy...sexy...fits!	review_date"
"Fits very small. Im usually a medium so i ordered large...should of gone with the xl	review_date"
"Excelente producto. Luce la figura de la mujer	review_date"
"I loved wearing this item.	review_date"
"Confused on how to position the bottoms to look sexy but good purchase	review_date"
"She looks so hot in it!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful. Would buy more if it came in prettier colors! 5鈥?鈥?130 lbs and a large was perfect.	review_date"
"Not the same style as pictured.	review_date"
"Very nice	The Fit around the Waist is a bit small	 just should be got it in a bigger ..	review_date"
"hot as hell	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"It looks like a lacey nightgown. The only thing like the picture is the color. The is nowhere near and there are no bottoms at all. Do NOT recommend this or the company...	review_date"
"Fit the wife perfectly	review_date"
"It was soft	 comfy and sexy. Partner loved it! Sizing was perfect too.	review_date"
"True to size	review_date"
"Bien sexy pero las medidas estan mal.	review_date"
"The material is SUPER chinsey	 but it did what I wanted it to do.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"I am 5'4	 120lb and ordered size Small. I loved everything about it	 the material	 and how sexy it looks. My husband loves it!!!	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Super comfortable	 and my husband loves the looks of it!	review_date"
"Love this and so does my hubby!!!	review_date"
"It is beautiful came at the perfect time.  Really happy!!	review_date"
"Love it!!! Fit great!! 5'8\ 165lbs""	review_date"
"We enjoyed it and it fits as expected	review_date"
"So got this today and first thing that was it ties in the back	 does not fit my bra size even got the X-large	 very scratchy feeling material total waste.	review_date"
"Small	review_date"
"Ugh.  It was so itchy.  I couldn鈥檛 keep it on.  Luckily that鈥檚 kind of the point.  It looked alright but it was super itchy.	review_date"
"It was absolutely beautiful on my woman.  Very sexy.  Got a small and she weighs 116 pounds and is 5鈥?鈥?  Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I love every little thing about it! So perfect and sexy! Fits like a glove. I chose size S	 my original size and it fit great.	review_date"
"馃憣馃徏馃憣馃徏	review_date"
"It鈥檚 design is wonderful and my man loved it.	review_date"
"Compliments wife very well.	review_date"
"\This a great product and have ordered 1 items from this store and It is made of good quality materialwith adjustable straps ties around the neck.\""""	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"5鈥?6鈥?small breasts - small fits well	 looks great!	review_date"
"Super comfortable and totally what I was looking for!Good for the price.The lace lingerie fits perfectly and hugs you in all the right places!	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. I have a long torso and no boobs so I was afraid it would fit weird. But babe loved it so I might get it in multiple colors	review_date"
"This is a very sexy piece added to my lingerie collection would recommend  .	review_date"
"This fits like I was hoping. I am 5鈥? and 115 pounds. I got a medium ( I  carry some weight in my tush)  super cute!	review_date"
"Fits nice. I鈥檓 a lil thick at the bottom so it doesn鈥檛 cover my top but I鈥檓 sure he won鈥檛 mind.	review_date"
"Very well liked.  Very pretty	review_date"
"My wife looks even prettier in that lingerie.	review_date"
"Weren't very durable but what can u expect for the price.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. What can I say she looked absolutely stunning. Couldn't be happier with this purchase.	review_date"
"It is not strong material and it broke before I could wear it. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Tried this on and it fits perfect! Looks just as described and the material is well made!	review_date"
"Good fit and arrived as advertised	review_date"
"Good quality perfect for playnights occasion	review_date"
"Very sexy item and as advertised.  I bought another color it is so nice.	review_date"
"Made Valentine's!	review_date"
"wife looked great in it	review_date"
"Was a little small but not by much	 The sexy teddy looked amazing on me and the ladies who saw it fell in love with it!	review_date"
"Very beautiful. I liked the quality	 Lace is really soft	  color matches with the seller's pictures. Fits well.	review_date"
"Mi girl looks great	review_date"
"馃憣馃憣	review_date"
"It fit as expected and got rave reviews	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"Best lingerie ever 	"
"Ran a bit small but very pretty.	review_date"
"Fit great!	review_date"
"Very flattering and sexy. Fit true to size and easy to get on.	review_date"
"For the price this is one of the sexiest pieces I own鈥?	review_date:June 12	 2018""	star"
"It hides sort of but shows nicely.  Really like it.	review_date"
"Beautiful little thing! I like the quality of the lace and its comfortable.	review_date"
"I loved the lingerie set and so did my boyfriend 馃槑馃槀	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite pieces of lingerie! Super cute and sexy.	review_date"
"Fit well. Ordered a size small. Im 5'1 and 110 lbs.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Super sexy and flattery for curvy body.Nice style and material.	review_date"
"Awesome little piece. So sexy	review_date"
"Loved it! Got it for my wife and looks great! Total turn on!	review_date"
"Very nice	 fits well	review_date"
"Loved it want it in different colors...order 1 size up	review_date"
"Me encanto	review_date"
"My husband loved it	review_date"
"This is for a tall person and it runs small.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Fits perfect to size.looks great.	review_date"
"Cute and Sexy	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Fit well and looks amazing on her.	review_date"
"Pretty...sexy....too small 42D and boobs barely fit...a bit disappointed	review_date"
"I really really LOVE this and I think my husband definitely will as well. I will however be returning it to get a new one because mine came with a hole in it.. so for now I will give this a 3 and if the new one is just fine then I will give a 5 for sure and probably get a few colors.	review_date"
"Loved it!! Sexy and fits	 Im 5'1 and 138lb gota large and it fits perfect.	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit	review_date"
"I wear a size 4-6 in women鈥檚 jeans and found these bottoms to be way to small in the mediums. The top can be adjusted and seemed really nice. I would Totally bump up a size.. maybe two.	review_date"
"Worn once and washed it completely fell apart!	review_date"
"I am glad I read through the reviews and ordered up a size. I ordered out an XL and it fit	 I have a bigger behind so it did not fit that perfectly. However for how long I was wearing it	 it did not matter. The quality and look is very nice. My husband loved it and it was comfortable. I would definitely buy it again.	review_date"
"Outfit was very small and fit very awkwardly at the bottom	 if you do plan on ordering this definitely order 2 sizes larger. However I wasn't impressed with this outfit at all.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 143 lbs	 32DD	 athletic build and the M fit perfectly.  It鈥檚 super sexy and the color is very pretty	review_date"
"Sexy and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Beautiful pieces. The lace is stretchy	 so don't expect any real bust support. Love the fit of the top. I wear size 20 in most tops and measure 42 inches around under bust (the only measurement on this that really matters). XXL fits comfortably but probably wouldn't work for anyone over 45 inch under bust measurement. Panties are super cute and fit are just fine but are too short front to back for me. Stretched the center seam on XXL is 16 inches. If this doesn't work for you	 plan to use different panties. Still worth the money in my opinion. Hope this helps someone get a better fit.	review_date"
"Very nice set! It is really comfortable and soft. My husband loves it on me! Really sexy set!	review_date"
"Arrived on time and it's a great product! Doesn't look cheaply made	 I was afraid of it being to small	 but it fits perfect! I am 5'3 and 175lbs and I ordered a large. Will definitely be buying more of this brand!	review_date"
"This lingerie is true to size ...I order a lot of lingerie online and usually I say size up ...this time your true size should be good . I bought a size to big 馃槴. The material is quality and makes you feel sexy 	 especially when you think about the $$ you saved lol	review_date"
"I bought 2 sets of lingerie on Amazon. This one in black	 and a different one from elsewhere for a similar price. This was my favorite!It fits me great. I typically wear an XL in unfitted shirts or a 2XL in fitted	 but this XL ensemble fit me perfectly. The adjustable straps (in bras I'm a 32 C) and the open back and flowy-ness provide a little leeway. I'm also normally a large in panties and this lacy pair in this outfit fit me perfectly.It's very flattering. I have a bit of a tummy but love my booty and this sexy little number shows off what I love about myself. Pair it with thigh-high stockings and your man might just faint.I only wish it had a little more support or lift for the breasts	 but my new hubby didn't seem to care about that	 Ha!	review_date"
"This looks great	 and feels great.  For the price	 I am pleasantly surprised at the quality.  And the panty fits perfect as well.I am 5'6	 145 lbs	 not too curvy.  I ordered the Large and it works.  Probably could have gotten away with a Medium.  The back straps are adjustable	 and the lace is stretchy.  For the price	 this is awesome and looks classy.  Will probably order another color.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 obsessed. This is the most perfect piece of lingerie I鈥檝e ever owned(not that I鈥檝e owned a whole lot). And for $15?!I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh about 160lbs and the large fit me like a glove. It鈥檚 perfect because I don鈥檛 like my stomach which it covers	 but my boyfriend loves my butt which it shows. It鈥檚 SO comfortable. I鈥檓 literally sitting in it as I write this review. It really is great quality too	 especially for the price. BUY THIS.	review_date"
It arrived last night and I LOVE it! I bought it for an upcoming trip with my honey who LOVES my butt. The open back will allow him full visual access to his favorite part of my body and its super comfortable for me too! The lace is really soft and feels good. I might use it to sleep in its so comfy. The panties fit a little tight but they will be fine for the short time they will be on 
"So i ordered this as a bridal shower gift on behalf of a friend and she loved it. The material is super soft like it鈥檚 expensive. As soon as i got it i tried it on to see if it would fit the bride and i really wanted to keep it. It is exactly as the picture. Comes with the top and bottom. This lingerie looks and is super sexy in person. Also the bride i gave this to really love it!	review_date"
"I'm ~140lbs	 size medium in Victoria's Secret and in Target brand underwear	 bra size 34DD and the medium fit me perfectly in the top and the bottom. The underwear don't grab at your hips or bunch up in the crotch and they also make your butt look really good. The top is soft and flowy and the straps are adjustable (a nice touch for those of us with high-riders!). For the price you can't beat this	 and it arrived super fast and in good condition--will definitely be ordering from this company again. I attached some pics for comparison if you're wondering about size	 the bright red is this set and the burgundy underwear are size medium \cheeky\""-style from VS.""	review_date"
"The material is nice and it鈥檚 very forgiving. I鈥檓 5鈥?and about 200lbs and this fit wonderfully.	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfy	 great for the price. I got the medium and could have gotten a small	 but liked the bit of extra room. Lace wasn't super scratchy. Loved it \u0026 so did my husband. Feels like quality	 different than the cheap feel with other cheaper lingerie. Definitely getting more. My only complaint is that the tags on both pieces were a bit big and crunchy/loud. Otherwise	 can't think of any complaint.	review_date"
"Cute. The red dye in it did bleed on the first wash. I would recommend washing it alone and then air drying.	review_date"
"Fits great and love the adjustable straps. Very sexy but covers enough.	review_date"
"Love this. Got the blue for a nice change from the norm black or red. Comfortable material and provides modesty in areas like my belly that isn't in perfect shape	 but is totally revealing too. My man loves this on me!!! I got it in medium as I'm normally a size 4-6. I am small busted	 shorter torso	 and wider rib cage so the adjustable straps are essential for me. Fit well there and for my curvy hips. Shrunk just a tad	 FYI.	review_date"
"Loved it I'm an xl but I bought a 2x just in case. It came in small so I took a chance and order 2 size bigger and it fits perfect but the panties to big but I took them in on the sides and added a lil bling. Love the color and super cute.	review_date"
"I am a photographer and have different lingerie available for clients that desire creative and sexy photos for their favorite man.  This lingerie looks good and is very reasonable priced.  Several of my clients have asked where they could order their own.Visit KsHeritage.zenfolio.com	review_date"
"I really like this	 it's very flattering.  The panties are some of my favorites out of all my lingerie!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a very nice color but it was a little too large for the breast area. I tightened it to the max and it still was a little too big. The panties were very small. I purchased a large size.  I didn鈥檛 really like the open back .	review_date"
"I really love this set. The material is very very soft and is not scratchy or uncomfortable. The nightie itself is a little big in the chest even with the straps adjusted as small as they go. I expected it to be a little big because I wear XXS and XS in shirts and tops and the smallest size available in this was a small.	review_date"
"So lovely! My husband love this so much!The material is soft and lightweight.Definitely purchasing another one.	review_date"
"Cheap	 scratchy material	 tiny	 worthless panties and the top would fit a very firm A cup (only). I'm a DD and expected to wear a bra underneath	 but still... (For reference	 I am 5'1\	 125# and long-waisted).  The design is sexy	 but the proportion of the main garment size to the cup and panty are ridiculous.  Don't waste your time or money.  Disappointing. 馃槖""	review_date"
"Super soft! Feels very expensive. I will be wearing this as a shirt with a cami underneath to a special occasion. I am 5' and the length falls right underneath my butt.	review_date"
"Love this product I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh about 168 and bought a large it fit perfectly to my shape. It鈥檚 beautiful on and the color is gorgeous I bought myself a purple set. It鈥檚 exactly what it looks like in the picture and the quality does not feel cheaply made.	review_date"
"This is so pretty. I ordered the purple for something different. It's very vibrant. This is the first time I've ordered intimates online (I got 3 items) so I checked other reviews for sizing recommendations. I am usually a L	 so I ordered a Large. I'm 5'4	 160lbs 36B. I thought it fit really nicely aside from being a little short - but with this piece	 I didn't mind that. The panty did fit correctly and comfortably. I do feel that the cups are on the small side (they fit me well	 but I can't imagine if I were significantly larger up top). Overall I would buy again.	review_date"
"Love ittttt. I鈥檓 150	 5鈥? went with the small because i have a short torso and the actually teddy fits great ! Boy shorts are way to small for my ass- tossed them into the trash lol but this little number is worth it!	review_date"
"I bought a small and it fits perfect! I am 5'3 125lbs and wear a small in panties and a size 32DD bra (Victoria's secret)	review_date"
"My husband liked it A LOT so that鈥檚 the best part.If you鈥檙e busty like me	 this does have some stretch in the lace but follow the sizing chart to accommodate your chest.  Again	 if you鈥檙e like me (size 8-10 pants) the panties will probably be large (unless you鈥檙e super curvy in the hiney too) but they鈥檙e not unbearably big	 just a little loose :)	review_date"
"It鈥檚 absolutely sexy! No doubt about that. I love the top	 but the bottoms were super small on me. I ordered a large. I鈥檓 174lbs and most of it is in the thigh and butt area. I鈥檇 probably be more upset about them being so tight but I know they won鈥檛 be on but a couple minutes or so	 so I鈥檓 not stressing that too much! "
"I bought a 2x and it looks like it wouldn鈥檛 fit a small adult ! I even allowed for 2 sixes bigger and it is so so small ! I didn鈥檛 even bother trying it on cuz it was that obviously so small !	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife. Go by the measurements others have listed	 knowing that the sizing is true. She is now looking into other outfits that are made by these guys.	review_date"
"I had high hopes for this set based on all the amazing reviews. Not sure what I expected but it definitely wasn鈥檛 what I got. The quality was so poor	 loose threads EVERYWHERE. There鈥檚 no way this would have survived even a hand washing. Returned it	 won鈥檛 be trying again.	review_date"
"Cute. Comfy. Affordable. I feel like a million bucks sleeping in this... even on my bloated days. Nice to give myself something luxurious to look forward to at the end of a long day. The blue is absolutely beautiful and vibrant. Washed 3 or 4 times now and holding up well.	review_date"
"Was not impressed with the stitching at all. Will be surprised if it hold up. Opened the pkg had strings everywhere.	review_date"
"Absolutely love It! Super soft and comfortable. It's float but fitted in all the right places and easy to get in and out of 馃槝 It was also a really nice price compared to some of the other places that sell items like this and honesty	 better quality than some of the more expensive things I've bought!	review_date"
"Really sexy and actually much better than I anticipated for the price. Expected the material to be extremely flimsy	 but surprisingly	 is not.	review_date"
"I made sure to order a larger size than I normally use and its still too small.  Hoping that someday I can fit into it.  Not pleased at all.	review_date"
"So I ordered this amazing lingerie set for my girlfriend and she loves it a lot fits well and well built product also just another tip for the guys if you really wanna spice this set up get the crochless panties with this and u will be in love	review_date"
"Cup size is too small for the XL	review_date"
"I wear a 36D and a size 7-8 in pants	 and a large was too big for me. I think it is best to stick with the pant size rather than the bra size. It was cute	 but I needed a medium for sure.	review_date"
"Super sexy lingerie for my wife	 but unfortunately didn't fit her bust. She is 5'4\	 size 14-16	 and bra size 40G. I ordered an XL and it was too small on top. Will be returning.""	review_date"
"I'm normally a size medium and ordered a medium and it fit perfect! I would say it's true to size. It's super Sexy and it's a soft lace. Positively love it	review_date"
"So far I like this. My only complaint is that the top lace is way too stretchy and does not provide much support at all. I love the look and the cut	 and it would be perfect if the lace didn鈥檛 stretch quite as much.	review_date"
"Bought this for anniversary trip and it was a hit with my hubby for sure. Only 3 stars because the panties were defective...I mean they were sewn really really weird...like two fronts were put together or something	 but with a piece of lingerie like that	 who needs panties? lol	review_date"
"I rarely write reviews	 but when looking for some valentines day lingerie I was making my decision mostly on the reviews and wanted to help someone looking. This came quick and looks great nice quality. Usually am a size 14/16	 the panties were def too small but the top fit great. Adjustable straps so you can tighten them and lift the girls. If your thinking about this one	 get it.	review_date"
"This set is very nice especially for the price. I thought the bottoms fit a little snug so it seem to run a little small to me. I would order form this seller again for sure.	review_date"
"It definitely got a positive response	review_date"
"The babydoll fit perfectly	 however the panty was a bit too small. I'm 4'11 and wear a size M in panties	 unfortunately this panty failed. Other than that	 the material of this is great.	review_date"
"Great fit and I'm a 4x	 boyfriend was actually stunned	 royal blue is my color	 just if you're busty like me	 adjusting your breast will have to happen cause there is no support for us lol	review_date"
"It looks very nice	 but the panties that came with mine have tags in both the front and back (confusing). The material is cheap feeling	 not what I was expecting. If you do have boobs good luck	 no support what so ever. (one could say like a 16 year old's pregnancy.)	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 and 215 lbs with a 38 dddd cup. It's super difficult to find lingerie that fits my boobs	 but the XXL did it! This was very sexy	 and the underwear actually fit as well. Wearing this on Christmas eve was the first time I've felt sexy since the birth of my 4th baby 3 months previous. I want to order this in all the colors!	review_date"
"I ordered this set in the blue	 and both me (and my boyfriend lol) really like it! I am 5鈥?	 103 lbs and I wear a size A cup. I got the small and it fits perfectly! For a cheap set	 the quality is very good! It is exactly as pictured	 and the straps are adjustable if the top is too long. The underwear is what is pictured as well	 not a g string like the discription says. Overall	 I really recommend this!	review_date"
"Product was ripped when it arrived. The bottoms run extremely small.	review_date"
"cheaply made	review_date"
"Got the navy...bra isnt for support/more for show...im a lil doughy in the middle so the sheer babydoll masks that nicely while the back opening is perfect for a peek at the cute panties. Love the color too	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Lace is absolutely beautiful and color is a stunning royal blue! Soft polyester. Will buy from this seller again if it鈥檚 the same brand	review_date"
"Very well-made felt beautiful on	review_date"
"It鈥檚 been a long time since my wife and I had quality time. So when I saw this I figured it would be the lightfor a wonderful evening. Boy I was right and lord help I did not make it. Will purchase again in different colors. The bottoms were not needed. Fit perfectly	 gorgeous. Man buy it for your lady today 馃槈	review_date"
"I purchased two of these the colors are beautiful. My husband told me I was beautiful in one. Haven鈥檛 worn the other one yet. The bottom was a tight fit.	review_date"
"Top fit perfectly and is super cute! However the underwear were super small. I couldn't wear them at all. I actually have no butt so this surprised me. I went off of the sizing chart and just ordered my normal size. I wear a 38d and a size large/xl.	review_date"
"Looks exactly like the picture. Nothing more	 nothing less. Five stars because it is what it says it is and fit well.	review_date"
"I love how flattering this is and the fabric actually feels comfortable too.	review_date"
"I actually was surprised by this item. I've never bought lingerie and I usually wear XS in all clothes. I'm about 5'3\ and 95 lbs so I was extremely shocked that this fit me perfectly in size small. I was a little nervous because small is the smallest they go but I loved it! Color is really pretty too!""	review_date"
"Awesome quality for the price. I got a 2x	 I'm a size 16 jean. Love this.	review_date"
"This is beautiful and looks really pretty on! Works good for big bust also! Highly recommend	review_date"
"The fit is perfect and the panties that comer with it are cute.	review_date"
"The dye is strong with this one. Ruined my new bed sheets with dye.	review_date"
"it鈥檚 very important to me that mesh/lace lingerie material doesn鈥檛 feel harsh or itchy	 and this is soft and comfortable compared to a few other lingerie options on here that I鈥檝e tried.	review_date"
"Super cute and soft! Very comfortable and I like that the company offers a wide range of sizes for anyone!	review_date"
"Very cute! Reccomend ordering a size up. Fits me well. I'm 5'11\ and weigh 170.""	review_date"
"Ordered a Large should have gotten a medium. I鈥檓 5鈥?2 and 147lbs	review_date"
"Got this last night and it was definitely worth the money!  I鈥檓 5 foot 190 lbs	 I got an xl and it fit beautifully!  Hides my tummy ( trouble area) and shows off my best assets!  I鈥檓 excited to buy different colors!	review_date"
"Very nice. I like this. Had to get 2 sizes large but it fit fine	review_date"
"I bought this as maternity lingerie. It's very cute and made from decent fabric.	review_date"
"I was so so excited to wear this	 and to be fair	 the pair of panties that come with it fit great and make me feel so sexy! But the second I adjusted the length of the straps on the actual babydoll	 it snapped and broke. The material felt nice	 not much support in the chest area	 but just broke way too easily for me. Definitely returning.	review_date"
"Fun babydoll!  I am a 34DD and need size Med.  This blue is beautiful.	review_date"
"I love this! It fits me perfect! I ordered a M and I am 5'3. 150LBS and it looks great. The underwear are a little tight. Mostly because I have very wide hips	 but the top is perfect! I would highly recommended this.	review_date"
"Excellent fit and the bottom fits great without being a g-string. Best of both worlds.	review_date"
"Well worth the value. Item as described.	review_date"
"Loved this	 felt super sexy wearing it	review_date"
"Just didn鈥檛 look good on me	review_date"
"I lived this night gown but the top part way to small...the rest fit so had to return it	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and she looks amazing.	review_date"
"I can't wait to wear this on my honeymoon. I usually wear an XL and this product fit true to size AND worked with a big bust.  I want one in every color!	review_date"
"the bottom was smaller than expected and the top was a decent fit	 it's great that it has straps to adjust the top. I will be wearing other bottoms with it bc the ones it comes with are not comfy. I am bigger at my hips than above my waist.	review_date"
"Super soft	 way nicer than I would have imagined for the price. Thankful for all the reviews or I probably wouldn't have purchased!	review_date"
"I got a medium and it fit well the only thing is that the panty fit a bit tight but I loved it	review_date"
"Well received by hubby	review_date"
"Gf looked so hot on it	review_date"
"Very flattering and nice fabric!	review_date"
"Great piece! Was comfortable to wear and the material was strong. My husband loved it and I looked good in it! Very happy!	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks great	 very glad I chose this one!	review_date"
"Does well what it鈥檚 supposed to do.	review_date"
"Color not as described!  Sent back.	review_date"
"Always hesitant to buy these things online BUT I think I found a good brand!The size fit as except. I have little boobs and it fit great	 would look good with big boobs too.This is very well made	doesn't feel cheap. i will order more from this brand.The price is beautiful.	review_date"
"Love the color	 love the way it fits	 love everything about it	review_date"
"I love this! Really cute on. Fits as expected! Adjustable on the back of the top!	review_date"
"Not sure why I ever paid hugh prices	 great quality!	review_date"
"This was good quality for the price. It was a gift for a bridal shower and the bride liked it a lot!	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"It was as expected. 5/5	review_date"
"Fits perfect and looks great. Nice and sexy for the hubby!!	review_date"
"Another great item purchased on line!! Very pretty color				true to size and comfortable to wear. Wash in Delicate cycle and l hang to dry.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Excellent price	 great fit really flattering!!	review_date"
"Very pretty. Size at least one or two down	review_date"
"I love this on my girlfriend.	review_date"
"I ordered 2 sizes larger and it was way to small in the bust. Almost like the bottom got larger but they didnt change the soze of the cup	review_date"
"Cute comfy and runs a little small but the boyfriend loves it 馃槈	review_date"
"This fit perfect and I love it! Exactly like the picture!	review_date"
"Very cheap and poorly constructed.	review_date"
"I own these in half the colors. They are beautiful	 soft and comfortable enough to sleep in. Size 11 pants and large shirt. 36 B/C cup and I order mediums. They fit perfectly!	review_date"
"My hubby loves it!	review_date"
"I love it ! It鈥檚 comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"It looked like the pic. It fit good.	review_date"
"Hubby loves :)	review_date"
"I bought this along with several others for my wife. She actually wore it along with one other	 the fit was great and she looked great in it too. Comes in a large color variety too	review_date"
"Love the fabric	 it really is super soft. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 135 lbs so I ordered a medium to play it safe but I should have gone small because I鈥檓 pretty flat chested. Still fits	 still love it and my boyfriend most definitely enjoyed it as well!	review_date"
"Ordered as a surprise gift for my husband.I think we both like this so much.Made a lot of fun in our special night!LOL~I was worried being a bigger girl it wouldn't look nice	 but it turned out very flattering.Good ordered!	review_date"
"It's cute but has tears/holes unfortunately	review_date"
"Super small!!! The panties/thong are even smaller!!!	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great	review_date"
"Nice material	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Was a gift	review_date"
"This is not only sexy as you-know-what but it鈥檚 comfortable too!!	review_date"
"Bought this as a suprise for the boyfriend. He loved it and I felt very confident in it! For true to size and was extremely comfortable.	review_date"
"I was pretty impressed. This was my first time ordering this kind of thing from amazon. I got my true size and it fit like a dream. However	 the panties it comes with were pretty small. Luckily they don鈥檛 last too long on. 馃お	review_date"
"Ripped along the seam when I went to put it on the first time.	review_date"
"Super soft material looks crazy good	review_date"
"I loved how it fit. This is the second one I have gotten. The first one in purple  was a wedding gift and I ordered this one because I loved it so much. I highly recommend it!	review_date"
"This little outfit was true to size	 PURPLE color was right on as shown on website and it was a favorite among the shower guests.	review_date"
"Very cute but came ripped :(Also the underwear are small but the top fit great	review_date"
"I got this for my fianc茅 and she (and I) loves it. Fits perfectly. High quality fabric. And the underwear is great as well. Would definitely buy again.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 140lbs	 size 8.. Medium size baby doll fit but panties are too small!Quality is what you would expect for $15.	review_date"
"I was so excited to get this sexy lingerie.Everything is nice	perfect for price too.The lace is soft and comfy.The top offers no real support	 but it made for lots of fun.	review_date"
"I liked the chemise but the panties are too small. My husband enjoyed it either way.	review_date"
"It fit how I expected it to. And it's super beautiful. I didn't have any issues with it coming ripped or anything so that's awesome. I bought the red and it was true to color.	review_date"
"Husband loved.  Didn't stay on long.	review_date"
"It fit perfectly	 the only reason i give it a 4 star is because there was a small hole in the lacy part. Thankfully it was not noticeable.	review_date"
"I wore this to a party and got lots of compliments from the ladies and the men! So very sexy	review_date"
"This fits perfect	 super cute. Really happy with the quality	 I thought it would be cheaper material. I would buy this any day over a $100 set from Victoria's secret.	review_date"
"Beautiful but wasn鈥檛 true to size should have sized up	review_date"
"I loved the color and fit of this night gown. It was simple yet flattering for my man. I am 5鈥?0 with size 34DD.  I ordered the small and fit great. Completely sheer and sexy	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"Top fit great	 bottom piece couldn't tell the front from the back.	review_date"
"As soon as I opened this to try on the sheer material ripped from the lace and now there鈥檚 a huge hole. Definitely cheaply made	 I would not buy it again.	review_date"
"cute and fun. easy and cute	review_date"
"It looks just like the picture.  Size was true to my expectations.	review_date"
"This is so soft and actually fits relative to expectations	 if a tad big	 bit still looks great and is that much more comfy!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 one of my favorites!It's very sexy and my partner likes it so much!Would definitely recommend this piece .I believe that it would look good on just about anyone.	review_date"
"I bought this for a friend of mine for her bachelorette trip. this piece was so nice for the price. she loved it.	review_date"
"Queda hermoso	 muy bonito y la tela bien fina	review_date"
"Sexy and good fit. Recommended	review_date"
"Looks great and fits perfect	review_date"
"Fits perfect!! Honestly I was not expecting the quality to be as good as it is.  More than satisfied	review_date"
"I went up a size and it was still too small	review_date"
"Good Quality! Fits right!!	review_date"
"I love the materia its soft just the breast area its a little big for me but its not noticeable i am 5'1 weight 125 bra 34b and panties M	review_date"
"True sizing.Looks amazing on my wife. Don't get to enjoy it on her for to long though.	review_date"
"I love it. Fits good.	review_date"
"It was great. Looks nice and fits nice only complain is that my breast come out on their own.	review_date"
"The material is definitely a little cheap and the seams aren't perfect but its comfortable.	review_date"
"Husband enjoy this	review_date"
"Fit perfect and was super cute. Didn't feel self conscious at all which was refreshing.	review_date"
"Color will stain in skin. Horriable quality. Not comfortable at all.	review_date"
"Really liked this. Material is soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly looks great	review_date"
"Super pretty! And super soft! I'm a 38 full D and it's amazing!	review_date"
"Hubby loved it! Very flattering!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 sexy	 great fabric	review_date"
"The whole outfit was seasonally adorable and fun. The feather trim is a bit delicate	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"My girlfriend loves it	 great price. She says very comfortable to sleep in as it conforms to her body.	review_date"
"Fits perfect love this!	review_date"
"husbands fav	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved this on me. I felt sexy!	review_date"
"Fine	review_date"
"Love it! Super sexy!	review_date"
"Very comfy	 pretty color \u0026 husband loved it!馃榿	review_date"
"Great lingerie for an amazing price!	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves this on me. Its sexy	 comfortable	 and its fantastic.	review_date"
"Nice quality	 good price and shipping	review_date"
"Fit as usual stuff does	review_date"
"Nice color and like underwear style	review_date"
"The top isn't super supportive for larger breasts	 but the material is very soft and is a good quality.	review_date"
"It's beautiful love the material as well. Mine however did not show up with the panties!	review_date"
"Very nice gf loved it	review_date"
"It fit well and the color was right	 but the material was so weak it broke instantly.	review_date"
"I am a small busted female and was looking for something that would make me feel sexy. This does the job and the panties are super comfortable.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"This fit as expected and was very sexy.	review_date"
"Just as pictured	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	good quality	 true to size	review_date"
"Cute and comfy! Rave reviews from the bf.	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Soft!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Bought for my wife	review_date"
"absolutely gorgeous	review_date"
"One of mine and my husbands favorites! Its comfy and fits well.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful piece. The only issue was the panties were much smaller than expected.	review_date"
"The lace is so soft on my skin and the fit is just perfect! Straps are easily adjustable too	review_date"
"Well made	 fits well.	review_date"
"Super sexy and cumfy.	review_date"
"Great fit	 soft	 and super sexy.  Perfect item for the price!	review_date"
"I loved this! Looks just like the picture and fits perfect. Recommend for sure.	review_date"
"I thought the cups would be bigger. Not good if you have a large breast	review_date"
"Soft silky sexy	review_date"
"Love it. He also love it 馃槉	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"I loved the fabric! It's so soft and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Love it	 fits perfect	 really comfortable and soft.	review_date"
"I love this baby dol I just wish the busy was more supported for my bigger chest	review_date"
"I love this set of lingerie! I'm very pleased with how the top lays on my body and is adjustable to fit my chest area. I'd recommend to others.	review_date"
"I love the color! It鈥檚 perfect!!	review_date"
"Good quality and good fit.	review_date"
"Love it but the qality is poor	review_date"
"Great quality for the price.	review_date"
"Flattering fit	review_date"
"Looked just like picture	 fits true to size	 bride loved it!	review_date"
"Very nice fabric	 perfect color. Comfortable to sleep.	review_date"
"I ordered a size bigger than what I wear and it was still too small!	review_date"
"Just as expected	review_date"
"Love how it fits perfectly...	review_date"
"This is awful and cheap. Came with a hole under the bust	review_date"
"Me encanto es perdecto 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Very cute ! Nice material panties are cute too	review_date"
"Love this much as well as someone else lol. Its amazing sexy and cute.	review_date"
"Panties fit great 	 the straps on the top are a little big but tightening them helped.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Outstanding. Great material	 great feel	 great look. She loved it.	review_date"
"Panties are too small	review_date"
"I thought it was gorgeous	review_date"
"As pictured	review_date"
"The fit was weird	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Perfect fit. So soft and enjoyable to wear.	review_date"
"This is my favorite purchase ever!	review_date"
"Fit my wife great.  She looks amazing in it and will likely be ordering  more in the near future.	review_date"
"Great quality and arrived promptly fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Very good product.	review_date"
"this was super comfortable and soft	review_date"
"Did it鈥檚 but didn鈥檛 stay on long	review_date"
"Poor quality	 I'm sending it back	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Very pretty	review_date"
"I Love it!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a bigger girl and it still fits great!	review_date"
"Looked amazing	review_date"
"Top was to big 	 bottoms to small	review_date"
"My girlfriend looked great in it I really liked it.	review_date"
"Fits and looks good on my wife she loved it	review_date"
"Fits just as described and the material is pretty soft. Overall good quality.	review_date"
"Perfect fit.  Great quality.  My partner loves it!	review_date"
"Buy one size up	review_date"
"Great quality and fits good	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Very flirty and fun!	review_date"
"Excellent Quality! I love it 馃槏	review_date"
"Love it! It鈥檚 so sexy.	review_date"
"My husband loved it!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I loved it!	review_date"
"So sexy!	review_date"
"Really nice quality!	review_date"
"i ordered green but color didn't really match what is shown on site. it was a little more like teal when i opened the box. i normally wear size 14 so i ordered a large. it fit well but the lace band beneath the cups was a bit cups. i wear a b cup so had to do some adjusting to get the cups to fit. bottoms fit perfectly. overall happy with it and fianc茅 loves it.	review_date"
"I love this little adorable lingerie. It鈥檚 so cute and fits just great. I highly recommend this item if you want to get the holiday feelings.	review_date"
"i returned this item only because my boobs are too big and heavy to fit in the top part	review_date"
"Does not look flattering and the the top is not see thru as advertised.	review_date"
"This set fit as expected and is gorgeous in person.  I ordered a Medium and everything fit perfectly.  The underwear that came with the set is size appropriate	 however	 the band is not super flattering if you have any curves at all. I'll likely buy new underwear to match the top.  Otherwise	 amazing.	review_date"
"Underwear fit oddly	 and poor quality. But	 wasn鈥檛 pricey item.....	review_date"
"It fit well and I like the material but the tag on the top was really scratchy and irritating	 since it was sewn on I couldn't remove it right away. Other than that it did it's job.	review_date"
"This is sooo sexy. The bra straps are adjustable which made it fit better for my small breast.  The panties look great. I have an extremely large backside and small waist and they fit great.	review_date"
"Eh. Its cheap but the panties run too big and not as cute as advertised..	review_date"
"size was too small	 she will not ware it.	review_date"
"WOW!!!!  This is an amazing piece of Lingerie to come home to your wife wearing.  I was surprised to hear that is was actually comfortable.  It is easy to put on and easy to take off nothing to untie or get in the way.  Usually my taste in colors is black and White	 but this is a really nice color.  Its is also a great price.  I never realized how expensive lingerie is at the retail stores.  Small size was a perfect fit.	review_date"
"I got this in the teal color. It is true to color and very pretty. I鈥檓 a size 20 and the xxl fit great! I don鈥檛 like lingerie tight and this is very flowy. The lace on the chest is not supportive so do not expect it to have much 鈥減ick up鈥? The reason I deducted a star is because the chest doesn鈥檛 hold much in	 for my size I have a smaller chest at a D cup. I almost spill out. If you have a larger chest be aware this will not leave much to the imagination.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?/5鈥? around 170lbs. I got a Large and it fits great	 maybe even a little more stretchy than expected! The chest offers no support due to lace BUT the straps are adjustable thankfully. The underwear also fit but cut really now in the front- I usually prefer more high waisted underwear. Regardless of preference	 all fit nicely.You can easily wear this to sleep. I may use different underwear.	review_date"
"I listened to the reviews and went up a size but I could have probably ordered my size because it was a little large on me. This item is very comfortable and definitely spiced things up in the bedroom.馃崋 I want one in each color.	review_date"
"I ordered the blue in medium and loved it! It鈥檚 my first time purchasing lingerie ever and can鈥檛 wait to show my bf. Straps are adjustable and bottoms fit just right but too tight to wear on a normal day. I鈥檓	5鈥?	 156 lbs and C cup	 I鈥檓 glad I ordered the M!	review_date"
"Bought this to surprise my husband for Valentine's.  We both loved the way it looked.  Very well made.	review_date"
"Like the material and design however ordered XL and it fits more like a large. Too tight around middle.	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks so hot in this hopefully yours will to spice up your night!!	review_date"
"I love this and so does my husband. It鈥檚 very comfortable and revealing in the right areas. I love that the opening is in the back and not the front. It helps his the Mom tummy.	review_date"
"Very pleased with this! Perfect if you鈥檙e a little body conscious!	review_date"
"So sexy	 I loved this sexy lingerie and fits perfect	 and nice quality	 smooth and silky. I'm pretty happy with this.	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 come with the panties	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
Very Sexy!  Perfect for my boudoir photo shoot 
"Oh he'll yeah!!! Runs small	 at last min ordered an xl... glad I did... 5'2\ @190""	review_date"
"The sleeves don鈥檛 go all the way down to the wrists but other than that it鈥檚 exactly what I wanted. I used it in a boudoir shoot and it looked amazing.	review_date"
"This is the perfect lingerie of you're looking for something flattering and super seductive. I love the way it flows and the lace is so soft against my skin. I'm 5' 4\ and pretty busty so I ordered the large to give my chest a little more room. It fits perfectly and is oh so sexy! The G string really ties it all together	 although I can totally see myself wearing the robe over pretty much anything. If you want to make your man stop in his tracks with his mouth on the floor	 this is the lingerie for you.""	review_date"
"Bought this to go over a tank top maternity maxi dress. I love how long it is.. my dress hits about an inch above the floor	 and this hits about and inch above my dress. The sleeves feel a tad short	 but not noticeable. I love that there is a ribbon to tie it right above my baby bump. It also comes with a cute flowered headband (haven't tried that yet) and a thong which I threw away. The thong was very cheaply made. I love this and think it is very pretty!	review_date"
"Looks nice just like the picture!	review_date"
"Beautiful garment	 looks exactly as pictured.  The upper arms are ever so slightly snug for me	 but I can work with it.  Came with a matching G string and a bonus floral headband.	review_date"
"I feel sexier in this robe than I thought I would. I love it!	review_date"
"I bought this to wear for my maternity photos \u0026 it was exactly what I wanted! I bought a small so that it would be more fitted \u0026 so that I could wear it after I have the baby as a cover up or lingerie. My favorite was the ribbon tie that I used to accentuate my belly. I'm 5'2	 153lbs \u0026 30 weeks pregnant.	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected	review_date"
"I love this. I work at a bar and i wore it over a little black dress and a cardigan ans i received so many compliments.  It was comfortable and adorable.	review_date"
"I accidentally ordered the wrong size but had no issue returning it for the correct size. Fit is true to size. It's very elegant and sexy. I love that it came with a free necklace :)	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable! Doesn't make me itchy like many garments of this type can which is a huge bonus. The sleeves are just a tad short	 but I always expect that. Otherwise	 love it!	review_date"
"Love	 love	 LOVE this item!  The fit was perfect and the color exactly as I wanted.  I would recommend this to anyone who wants to promote a nice sexy evening for yourself and/or a mate!!  Definitely going to reorder in different colors!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 very disappointed. I ordered an extra large because I鈥檓 tall ( 5鈥? ) and didn鈥檛 want it to be short.. well.. the sleeves were way too short.. the bottoms barely reached my ankles. It looked cheap and scraggly.	review_date"
"The lacecover is beautiful	 very sheer and u Er sexy. The fit wasn鈥檛 bad. I am a solid size 12 which equates to a Large. The Large was ever do slightly snug in that the rob does not come together at the hip area. So	 if you鈥檙e looking for a less fitted gown then I would size up.  My biggest problem with the item is the length	 in that mostly ALL the photos show the gown is floor length.  To be fair	 the manufacture tees measurements do show the length as 鈥渕idi鈥?and not maxi.  Still	 I wish the gown had been floor length.	review_date"
"I am 5'7\ and weigh 130 lbs	 I have a larger bust and broad shoulders	 normally a medium in jackets. After Reading the reviews I bought this in a Large and I am so glad I did. It reaches my ankles and closes easily over my chest. Only thing I don't love	 which I read in the reviews	 is that the arms are short	 they reach the top of my wrists	 but again I knew this was possible when I ordered.""	review_date"
"It fits really nice it looked cute with my lingerie. I鈥檓 a large and got a large	review_date"
"I am 6 ft tall 200 lbs and this makes my outfits beautiful! Dress code for work is black and grey	 I use this as a throw over for texture and it is awesome!	review_date"
"So i was doubting that this would fit and flatter me	 but i can definitely say with much enthusiasm that it fits correctly and is super soft	 the g-string that comes with it is stretchy and would fit most girls. I'm a heavy female so for those who are on the plus size	 i recommend buying it!!As always order one size larger than your actual size to be sure!	review_date"
"Purchased this in an XL	 which I am	 but it is a bit snug around the chest.  The design of this is beautiful and it is very sexy	 however very flimsy as well.  I have not yet washed this item because I am sure once I do the mesh fabric will tear and have small holes	 also snagged my ring several times putting on/off.  I recommend buying if you plan to wear maybe a few times and LIGHT usage.	review_date"
"WAY SMALL! XXL is around a size 8 so buyer beware. I upsized \u0026 it fits snugly	 it is a costume piece so comfort isn't critical but the seams are itchy. It is cute though.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife as a surprise.  When she walked into the room with it on I was the one getting the surprise.  Looked absolutely gorgeous on her.  The material was well stitched together and fit her perfectly.  If you want something that you can surprise your other half with this would be one of my recommendations.  It flowed from her shoulders down to her ankles and hugged her perfectly.  Arrived on time and package was undamage.  A must have for anyone wanting to look sexy for themselves or someone else.	review_date"
"Shipping is so fast. This is a gift for my friend. She love it. I thought I need buy another one for myself. Beautiful robe but the size I purchased is a little long for me. I'm 5'6 and the robe dragged on the floor by a good few inches.	review_date"
"Omg! This is a very sexy robe! Sexy then the picture makes it seem. I got the smallest size and I鈥檓 105 pounds and the robe didn鈥檛 exactly fully fit around my whole body but I still loved it!!! It is thin but hey it鈥檚 just lace what do you expect! Came with this chicken necklace I didn鈥檛 realize but nice addition!	review_date"
"I am 5'10'' and usually size 2-4 in most things. Overall	 it fit me just right	 with the only exception that the sleeves were slightly shorter. But this is what always happens with me being so tall. hard to find stuff that would be long enough. It would be perfect for a shorter girl for sure! If you typically wear size 2-4 go for M with this item like I did.	review_date"
"Little tight in the arms and a lot less 鈥渇lowy鈥?than it looks in pics.	review_date"
"Very sexy bathrobe. I think it鈥檚 only be nice to wear it at home istead of wearing it outside. Just because it鈥檚 too sexy to wear something like this public haha.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 147 lbs	 A small fit me perfect. Looks just like the pics 馃槏	review_date"
"Love this robe. I wore it over lingerie in a boudoir photo shoot. It is very very pretty	review_date"
"Looks very nice but needs to be washed with fabric softener.	review_date"
"It's very sexy with a classy	 nostalgic touch. It's very flattering due to the tie being just a couple of inches below the bust line. The sleeves do fit a bit short. I am 5 5 + 127 lbs... I ordered a medium (due to the reviews) though I usually wear a small and I would not have wanted it any smaller really. Very flattering!	review_date"
"Needed a super pretty robe for all my lingerie. This cake super fast	 and the material is soft and stretchy and fits perfect. I鈥檓 5鈥? and it reaches down to my feet with s little excess which is exactly what I wanted. It also came with a little black choker and a lace thing to match! Had no idea!	review_date"
"A little cheaply made. The sleeves are a bit short for my long arms and not as stretchy as a better quality lace piece. It鈥檚 not horrible tho. I would recommend sizing up for sure. I did.	review_date"
"I did like this robe but it was too small. I'm 5'7\	 185lbs and the xl really was way too small. I wore it to my party anyway.""	review_date"
"It's super sexy	 my wife and I loved it a lot.	review_date"
"Came in early	 fits nicley	 and came with a cute head band which was a nice surprise!	review_date"
"So beautiful i love it!!	review_date"
"I am a larger lady and was happy to see it fit my arms perfect...however it wouldn't meet in the middle	review_date"
"Looks great and so cheap! I'm 5' 4\	 125 lbs	 and the small fits great! Only complaint is the tie sits right across my chest instead of below it as pictured. I'm a DD so I'm sure this wouldn't be a problem for those with smaller breasts""	review_date"
"This set is a force to be reckoned with! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 198 pounds	 ordered an XL. To say this set was amazing is a gross understatement. It came with thongs and to top it off	 a little choker . Must have .	review_date"
"This was actually slightly larger than I expected (I ordered a Large)	 but I love it! It's so sexy and feels wonderful!	review_date"
"sexy and i plan to wear this with a bathing suit. love it feel very mrs Robinson in it...	review_date"
"Bought for a photoshoot and it was very cheap looking and the tie in the front broke off before the shoot even started	review_date"
"It is very skin tight but that鈥檚 what I wanted kinda but the string to tie it is thin so it will rip soon and very cheap material price is very to high and I will be returning.	review_date"
"聽Extremely Sexy ..and the material is comfortable and stretchy .. Fianc茅 Love it :)	review_date"
"Perfect. Super sexy! I鈥檓 going to buy it again in another color.	review_date"
"Really good value	review_date"
"Comfortable material. Good fit. Felt so pretty and sexy. Glad I bought it. I'm 5'8'' with a size 12 waste and I got the Large	 which comfortably for me.	review_date"
"it fits perfect and it looks beautiful	 for the price I can not ask for more. I will order in another color	review_date"
"my wife looked smokin hot in this. she normally doesn't like lingerie because of the fit. This was perfect	review_date"
"Wow this is so sexy	 gave me so much confidence	 size up one if you have larger arms bc the material is thin and delicate	review_date"
"I bought this for a maternity photo shoot and it was absolutely beautiful! I'm 5'6	 6 months pregnant and I bought a large. It didn't quite come to the floor	 the sleeves were perfect length. The neckline was a little loose for me but I also have tiny shoulders so that's common for me. Very satisfied with this product. Be aware that the fabric is very delicate	 but it's obvious because of what you're buying	review_date"
"Extremely thin and runs quite small. Recommend ordering 2 larger sizes	review_date"
"Would have gotten 5 stars if it wasn鈥檛 so short.	review_date"
"does run a little smaller then ordered	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? 145 lbs and this sexy lace robe fit perfect and took my hubby鈥檚 breath away.	review_date"
"I guess it鈥檚 okay	 looks like a halloween costume though. Not was I was going for.	review_date"
"absolutely LOVE this lingerie!! It looks way  better in person. Thank you so much!	review_date"
"Super sexy. I wore it over my lace swimsuit and received a lot of compliments. I am 5'11\ and it came past my calves.""	review_date"
"Purchased for red my wife for Valentine's.  I would have given this product 5 starts. However	 the top where the tie is way too small for for her.She wears a size is an 8 (US medium) with a chest size 34DD. This garment does not work for that. so be careful. Note - the thong might be okay for some people. However	 we are recommend a replacig it. Material is excellent. Looks nice.Returning for an XL. Except for the sizing - I highly recommend it.	review_date"
"Kind of scratchy	review_date"
"I wasn鈥檛 thrilled with how it fit. May just be a matter of personal taste.	review_date"
"Beautiful lace. Decently made. If you are large chested	 get a size up.	review_date"
"So sexy. I鈥檓 ordering more colors! Buy it!	review_date"
"Love this long tie front lace maxi kimono. Perfect over your lingerie.	review_date"
"This was a great buy. Glad I ordered it. Didn鈥檛 realize there was a matching thong. Needs to be larger. Didn鈥檛 fit well.	review_date"
"Love how it looks and fits! Will order in other colors as well.Size Large for 5鈥? 144 lbs fit perfectly	review_date"
"Just as described and fits as expected. Happy with purchase.	review_date"
"Picture was very accurate. Smell is horrible. I can鈥檛 get the smell out.	review_date"
"Bellissima	review_date"
"This is my new favorite article of clothing I own! So pretty \u0026 soft! I鈥檓 going to buy more in other colors.	review_date"
"This is stunning	review_date"
"This is a great peice as a coverup at the beach	 lingerie	 or even a coverup at work. I'm 5'2\ and ordered a small....so it was slightly too long when wearing flats	 but nothing to worry about. It's absolutely perfect with heels and feels soft on the skin.""	review_date"
"Very pretty but unfortunately just a little too snug \u0026 had to be returned.	review_date"
"So amazing super sexy and nice .the package is the best	review_date"
"It is very sexy. Great length. My wife and I love it.	review_date"
"I'm 5'7 170lbs and the XL fit BEAUTIFULLY! So sexy	 comfortable and looks amazing.  Perfect for hiding a few body flaws and pairing with a teddy or bra/panties. Can't recommend this item enough	review_date"
"I wish it was a bit longer	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and it doesn鈥檛 touch the floor	review_date"
"I ordered this item from n Friday morning and it actually came in on Saturday afternoon	 fits comfortably I read the reviews so I ordered it as an XL however it fits like a Large which I perfect 馃憣馃徑	review_date"
"Very nice and quality too match	review_date"
"Looks nice and size was right	review_date"
"cheap material	review_date"
"Very Beautiful.	review_date"
"I love it but it is a little tight and small! It will work but the sleeves don鈥檛 reach my wrists and the shoulder area is a little snug.	review_date"
"I bought this for a boudoir photoshoot. I only tried it on. I haven't actually done the photoshoot yet but this is very pretty. Seems very delicate but pretty. Wish it was just a little bigger for an XL but it will do.	review_date"
"Bright Red just like the pic	 can't wait to wear it!	review_date"
"Very cheap material.. Not worth it.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Sexy	 soft and confortable	 love it	review_date"
"It doesn't look anything like the pictures. It was waaaay too small. Really dissapointed.	review_date"
"I loved it. It makes my outfits look so good 鉂?also very sexy for the bedroom 馃槈	review_date"
"This is everything I wanted in a sexy robe to wear! I bought a large	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 160 lbs and it fits perfectly! Couldn鈥檛 be happier with this purchase. My husband loves it as well!	review_date"
"Sexy but short... and I am short. So the picture shows it down robe flowing to the ankles but really it comes to about the knees. (I am a large 5鈥?鈥?woman... short!)	review_date"
"very sexy and perfect fit!	review_date"
"Size medium I鈥檓 5鈥? and 135 lbs great robe	review_date"
"Good quality my girl loves it	review_date"
"Looked good	review_date"
"Super sexy! Fits well. Nice cover up for lingerie	review_date"
"So beautiful and sleek. Looked great in my boudoir pics!	review_date"
"It's for special event. you know :)	review_date"
"So perfect. Get exactly what's shown. Perfect for my boudoir shoot!!	review_date"
"Cheap af!!	review_date"
"Ordered a large but the rib was much much smaller. Still loved it	review_date"
"Fit ok but I鈥檓 very top heavy and have a tiny waist so it鈥檚 hard to find stuff that fits.	review_date"
"The item came with an odd smell	 like old hair.. and it was small around the arms .. so get a size up! Other then that it was still pretty and sexy	review_date"
"Love it!! Looks exactly like the picture!! Super sexy! Thank u so much! This is a real ass review!	review_date"
"Sooo cute and sexy. I was worried about it being too big but it fits every inch of my curves and the length is perfect.	review_date"
"I Love it	review_date"
"Very nice. Lace is pretty. The length not as shown . I am only 5鈥?鈥?and the coverup only goes to my mid calf.. 40C bust and the XL fits.  Arms a little tight. Great value for money.	review_date"
"I loved this except the sleeves are a little off since I鈥檓 lengthy but it is worth the price.	review_date"
"Fits well. Well made.	review_date"
"Love it!!!	review_date"
"A little short but I am 5'9 so take that as you will. I would still definitely buy it again. Super cute	 classy	 and I am a dancer so I wear it on stage.	review_date"
"my wife and me love it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Beautiful for my photoshoot!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Photographs amazingly	review_date"
"Nice fit and cut. The wife looks awsome in it.	review_date"
"As described.	review_date"
"Very good and sexy	review_date"
"My wife loves it. Fits her well and sleeves and everything.	review_date"
"Cant wait to wear it	review_date"
"This is a very nice product. From the good reviews that I got before buying it I was still skeptical. But	 the reviews paid off the product is so soft and smooth on my skin and it was worth the buy.	review_date"
"Glad that I can wear it in the bedroom and with a dress. Fits the way I expected. Definitely going to order in different colors in the near future.	review_date"
"I ordered the long tunic and got one that was above my butt . Very disappointing.	review_date"
"Not true to size	review_date"
"Fits perfect!	review_date"
"My wife really like it	review_date"
"Gf liked it. Fit well	review_date"
"It was an amazing gift for me and very comfy to wear  for my wife.	review_date"
"Could allow more slack to tie robe. But is nice overall for price	review_date"
"A little small	 but fine. Didn't keep it on long enough to worry about it!	review_date"
"Looks as advertised however I took it out of the bag and as soon as I tried it on the front tie came off without me even pulling it. So now I can not tie the front.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Came as described and good quality.	review_date"
"I ordered XXL there's no stretch much so if you jave big arms I'd strongly recommended but ver sexy very versatile and it comes with a thong too money well spent.	review_date"
"wife loves it	 a sexy	review_date"
"love it thanks!	review_date"
"Very pretty however very flimsy the garment tore when I removed the whit label from the seam	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable. Fit right	review_date"
"Honestly	 I loved this. It fit great and looks super good as intimate wear or even over a cute outfit to go out in. Sleeves a little short	 but not much.	review_date"
"Looks amazing	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I am 5'3\ tall	 115 lbs.	 and wear a size 4.  It fit me well but with no room to spare.  The lo g sleeves fit close along my arms and it just covers the chest.  The length just accommodates a 3\"" heel.  The G-string is a little bigger in fit due to the elasticized construction.  The lace is soft and very fine.  Handle with gentle care and be careful not to snag it.""	review_date"
"runs small and not as long as I expected..I wanted the sweep effect as the picture but otherwise it was ok	review_date"
"I LOVE IT	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Super cute! Love that it came with a matching thong. Plus!!!!! It even came with a cute bracelet! Wasn鈥檛 expecting that so it was a nice surprise!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Beautiful! My girlfriend love it!	review_date"
"So beautiful	 very soft lace	 perfect fit. My husband loves it. Thank you!	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Nice material	great fit .. very satisfied	review_date"
"It looks great	 I feel so good when I'm wearing it.	review_date"
"I love this	 it wasn't for the beach	 (wink wink).........	review_date"
"I loved the robe I tried it on as soon as I got it. It鈥檚 great.	review_date"
"I wanted it to be a bit bigger so I ordered a medium. Used it for a coverup at the beach. I loved it.	review_date"
"My girl surprised me with this and it fit on her perfectly.	review_date"
"Fit ok just my boobs are big but I made it work	review_date"
"Amazing!	review_date"
"These lingerie items fit lovely to my surprise!  They arrived in a timely manner.	review_date"
"YAZ QUEEN. I slay	review_date"
"As expected	review_date"
"Gf said junk fits crappy	review_date"
"I thought it was a lovely item but it was too small for me. I was taking a chance with the size as I am a plus size girl. Still nice though.	review_date"
"Love everything about it I also love the choker that came with it amazing	review_date"
"Super cute for a great price	review_date"
"It looks like the photo and it fits nice. The only issue is that the tie part is a little too high up. Or maybe I鈥檓 just a little too short lol	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Amazing! Get it for your wife! She鈥檒l love it and so will you!	review_date"
"Beautifulllllllllll	review_date"
"Yes yes yes. It鈥檚 so cute and sexy!!!	review_date"
"be care full fragile very thin but beautiful work	review_date"
"So sexy! Love it!	review_date"
"Yet to use it	review_date"
"I love it !!! Amazing 鉂わ笍 I would recommend this to anyone!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 nice	review_date"
"I loved all of it!!!	review_date"
"Super cheap product. Pictures are deceiving	review_date"
"聽I'm 5'4 about 155lbs I bought a medium and its perfect. This blue is a rich royal blue	 its even darker in person. I opened the package and was like holy sh*t this is hotttter than I thought it would be. I bought it in black and now I'm ordering red. The panties are kinda like floss	 I doubt I will wear them I will find a better royal blue thong. Buy this	 you won't be disappointed!! And its long to my ankles.	review_date"
"Just as described	 perfect fit. Appears well made.	review_date"
"Love it !!馃槂馃槂	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"I bought this for a boudoir photo shoot and love it!	review_date"
"Great color and material	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"Love this!!!!! Great buy	review_date"
"I am very cautious about what I buy online and I constantly read reviews. I thought this was good but I literally got a completely different thing. I got some sort of lace bodysuit. The only similarity to my order is that it was white. No clue how this happened but not too happy as it was supposed to be part of a Valentine鈥檚 thing. My boyfriend is in the military and I hadn鈥檛 seen him in a while. This product has disgraced America #respectourtroops so yeah just don鈥檛 trust this	review_date"
"perfect fit and lovely	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"It is beautiful	"
"I went by the chart and bought a 2X but it doesn鈥檛 even begin to fit.  Way too small.  Very cheap and scratchy feeling	 which is understandable considering the price	 but still not something I would recommend at all.	review_date"
Fits \u0026 looks just like its being advertised. The lace is super super soft \u0026 comfortable! It also came with a cute secret gift
"very poor quality easily rips and strings come apart very easy. I returned this item and would recommend something else to a friend.	review_date"
"I really love this. There's nothing wrong. It fits and is just like the photo.	review_date"
"Horrible. Super small and so cheap I wouldn't be caught red in it.	review_date"
"The lace is soft and nice. The panty is a little big large compared to the top.The butt opening creates sexy look from behind. However	 the combination between the chest	 see through and the waist part make my boobs look saggy and my small waist (which I鈥檓 proud of) disappear. I guess I have a wide shoulder	 that鈥檚 why this is not for me.The quality is nice but unfortunately it鈥檚 not for me so I鈥檒l return it.	review_date"
"聽This v-neck halter lingerie by Avidlove Airline is one of my favorite. I like it a lot because of the very plunging neckline. I am well endowed so it really compliments my assets. I do have a bit of a belly so I also like how the skirt balloons instead of being tight against the body. I think the slit in the back is a nice touch to tempt your significant other. Everything detail of this lingerie blends together nicely. I give it a 5 star for making me look amazing. It is also very comfortable to sleep in. I almost forgot to mention that I love the lace tanga that came with this lingerie	 it's definitely a step up from the usual thong that comes in the packet. Lingeries from Avidlove are definitely superb	 high quality fabric for a fraction of the price.	review_date"
"I love it! The rose color is darling and fits well. I'm a little chubby	 170 pounds	 wear 38D size. I normally wear large t-shirts	 but I ordered a XL. The lace bra top and panties fit perfect	 only had to adjust the straps for support.	review_date"
"I ordered a large.  I'm 5'3 \u0026 155 lbs. Loved that you could adjust the straps which helped lift the \girls\"" \u0026 made them look full and perky. I have a big booty and the panties fit well.  My bf loved it!! I think it took me longer to put it on than it took him to take it off	  lol.  Loved the price and was delivered sooner than the date given.  Great purchase!""	review_date"
"This babydoll is so cute and sexy! Fits really well	 I wear a size 16 pants and usually an XL-2X top and the XXL fit perfect! For the price you cannot beat this babydoll	 I honestly want to buy another in a different color.	review_date"
"I bought the purple one for my girlfriend and worried that it would look too cheap	 but we both loved it! The color is a deep eggplant	 not shiny	 and the material is very soft to the touch. Her breasts are small but her thighs are nicely thick	 so I ordered the large. She says it is comfortable to wear and likes the fit of it.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 but the babydoll portion runs on the small side. The panties are true to their size	 but the babydoll feels tight. My only complaint is that the push-up factor is not really there	 unless you figure out how to use a strapless or stick on bra. Don't expect to have major cleavage- the way it fits is too forgiving to hold those girls up. Still sexy	 recommend it despite My complaints.	review_date"
"My man started drooling when I came out wearing this. Fits perfectly and gives a nice little tease show in the back.	review_date"
"I always order large or extra large because i am every bit of my huge breast measurements for my top are under bust is exactly 35.5. Inches and peak bust is 44.5 inches which if i can find a bra in the correct size is 34 H or G or 36H or. G BUT THATS WISHFUL THINKING	  SO i ordered this in a large and the panties fit perfect and so does the top which is very shocking  because normally large bottoms are to big with a large top in a set because i usually buy my panties in a large 7 or 8 or most of the time a meduim size from target. This set feels great its so soft and the paties do not roll	 sage or bunch up they fit just LIKE the model photograghed online. I am vert impressed and i will most definitely be buying more from this company. And so will my husband because these he really likes on me... .	review_date"
"I normally wear a 12/14 size and I ordered the XL.  The panties that come with it fit great	 and the top is cute	 but just be aware that it is long.  I am 5'6 and it came down to my mid thigh.  If you are shorter	 it may be longer than you would like.  Other than that	 it is cute	 and the top fits nicely around the chest.  I probably could have done the large for  the top	 but not sure and did not want to risk it not fitting and the panties would not have fit.	review_date"
"The fabric is sooo comfortable and the color is extremely rich. My boyfriend loves when I wear this piece. Sometimes I'm a little self conscious of my tummy area (like most people here)	 but this forgiving while still being alluring. A definite must-add to your lingerie collection!	review_date"
"My go to bachelorette party gift for my friends! I love mine and now gift this for any soon to be bride. It's always a hit. The sizing guide will lead you to the correct direction for size.	review_date"
"Is more sheer in the cups than shown in photo but I don't really mind at all. The panties are actually nice! Usually these cheap sets have a cheap g-string that comes in one size fits none	 but this is a cute cheeky panty. I ordered a 2XL and it fits- could actually have probably done a XL but the straps are very adjustable so it's not a problem	 sizing on this will be very forgiving. For reference: 5'7\ 195 lb size 14 jeans 36C bra""	review_date"
"My girlfriend loved it	 and she looked marvelous might I add. I did read reviews before buying. Seems like this set is popular because it鈥檚 good for all body types. My gf is pear shaped in all the right ways. But if she were pear shaped in all the wrong ways	 she鈥檇 still look good in this because it kinda hides the parts many women are most self conscious about	 and shows the parts they like to show. Without me saying it... I think you know what I鈥檓 sayin! Hehe. But yea	 if you鈥檙e shopping for your lady and nervous you鈥檒l pick the wrong item	 go with these	 you can鈥檛 go wrong. If you鈥檙e shopping for yourself to surprise someone	 this would be a pleasant surprise I鈥檓 sure.	review_date"
"Very sexy and the color is so beautiful. I bought the purple. The top gives a little support. I'm very big chested so I need it. My boyfriend loved it so much I didn't wear it long anyway. Highly recommended.	review_date"
"Im 5'7	 140 lbs	 34D cup and bought a size medium.  I possibly could have gone down to a small but the straps are super adjustable so there was no need to exchange. I was Seriously skeptical to buy something inexpensive thinking that it wouldn't fit nicely or even fit at all	 as most do not. But after reading the reviews I decided to go for it.  So glad I did!  This is seriously is the most comfortable and sexy baby doll EVER!  I am most certainly going to purchase more in other colors!	review_date"
"Love this set! Sexy	 sweet	 \u0026 very pretty! Accurately depicted as shown. I've fallen in love with Avidlove lingerie!! Their free returns make it convenient to purchase items and try them on to see if you like the fit and style on your particular body. ((Don't forget to please keep your underwear on while trying on	 for sanitary reasons.)) I'm 5'2\ \u0026 120 lbs. and the size Small fit me nicely.""	review_date"
"My husband and I were heading off to a cabin for the week to celebrate our one year anniversary and I had purchased this little ensemble to wear for him. He absolutely LOVED it. It was very comfortable	 fit very well and made me feel very confident! I am 5'2	 about 160 lbs and typically wear a 29 or 30 inch waist in jeans. I bought a large and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"What can I say	 my wife loves it and I'm enjoying it also!!!!	review_date"
"I ordered a small and it took me everywhere but it didn鈥檛 make me feel very confident in my boobs. I had to tighten the straps pretty much all the way to fit. I鈥檓 a 34B (post breastfeeding	 mom boobs)	 5鈥?鈥? and145lbs. Quality of product is good	 especially for the price. No problems with shipping or packaging. The company offers free returns so I鈥檓 going to return it and order something else that鈥檒l fit me better	review_date"
"I bought this for my wedding anniversary.  It got the desired reaction.	review_date"
"Fits great	 and looks cute on! Bought it as a surprise and was pleased.	review_date"
"This fits true to size	 even the panties that came with it. I am very pleased with my purchase. The material is better than I thought it would be. Avidlove has earned a lifetime customer. Thank you!	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical at first	 Im a bigger girl and to put it plain and simple almost everything i order online doesnt fit. But this	oh this is beautiful. It fits PERFECT so soft	 made very very well the quaility is awesome and i feel so sexy wearing it. The color seemed a little off but i can push my OCD to the side to enjoy the nights i put this on.	review_date"
"I've certainly put on some pounds lately and have been reticent to buy any lingerie. I'm not bashing myself	 but growing a spare tire just isn't cute. However	 I knew my husband would soon tire of my sleeper short sets	 so I took a chance on this nightie. Winner winner chicken dinner! The top skims my rolls and hides my belly	 such that I really do look good in it. Two thumbs up!	review_date"
"So for reference I am 5'3\	200	 36DD and normally wear a size 14 (large in all the areas it counts.. lol). I ordered a XL in the red as per reviews and the size chart and it fits perfectly. I am very happy with my purchase. I honestly probably could have sized down to a Large and believe it would have fit just as well	 but I like how loose and flowy this is in an XL. It also got rave reviews from my boyfriend. The panty is soft and comfortable. I am very short	 so I did have to adjust the straps all the way up. This is in no way a \""lifting\"" or supportive type style	 which I knew going into it	 but that wasn't a problem for me. I didn't notice any extreme sagging and who really cares anyway	 really. Overall I am really please with my purchase and will certainly order more!""	review_date"
"My wife looks absolutely stunning in this ! The outfit is jaw dropping and the crotchless panties is definitely my personal favorite.everything fits her curvy body type and compliments them well. 10/10	review_date"
"Good for busty women so you can 鈥渉ike the girls up鈥?(I鈥檓 a size 36 G... after two babies you need a lift in lingerie!).  Mmm kaaaay?!  But hubby loved it.  Color is beautiful.  the lace is  even comfy.  Definitely recommend.	review_date"
"I ordered this for Vday and I can't wait to wear it	 the dark red is so pretty! The sheer material is SO soft and it fits perfectly. I'd recommend probably sizing up- I typically wear a medium (I'm 5' and curvy	 C cups) and got a L (typically wear a M). I'm so glad I got the L	 it fits perfectly and is the right amount of loose and not too long. I was worried about the top being too big but it fit perfectly which makes me think that it probably runs a little small. Overall great purchase	 beautiful lingerie.	review_date"
"This seemed like a great deal	 and came quickly in the mail. The fabric was nice and it was exactly the color I ordered. The problem was that it didn鈥檛 fit	 even though I checked sizing multiple times before ordering. The bust area has a seam across the middle that made it impossible to wear with my 42Ds. In addition	 the one strap was ripped before I even put it on fully. It was still attached	 but even if I could get myself situated in it (which I did for about 15 seconds) it just drooped that side down and tore itself more.For women with smaller bra sizes	 I would absolutely recommend this item	 but if you鈥檙e heavier chested	 I would suggest you find a different style.My boyfriend loved the thought I put into this	 even though he didn鈥檛 get to see it on. It鈥檚 a quality product for the most part	 it鈥檚 just not made for bigger chest sizes.	review_date"
"Product is great for the price! Super cute	 although I recommend air drying when you wash it	 very delicate fabric.	review_date"
"I went up a size just for my chest and it wasn't enough. I realize it isn't designed to be super supportive of large breasts (im a DDD) but the cloth barely fit and I have a little bit of unattractive spillage if I don't arrange breasts and garment perfectly. Not too big a deal since it doesn't stay on for long anyways. Hubby loves it!	review_date"
"Beautifull piece and true to size! Im 193 5'9 and size 14. The xxl was perfect! Decent material and craftmenship!	review_date"
"I was very excited to find this sexy getup on Amazon and it was less then $15 (and free shipping). I decided to get the bright pink to spice up my collection and it is true to color. My expectations were LOW. I planned on wearing it one and then it falling a part. But I was wrong! It came in the mail and upon my inspection it is basically the same quality as my $30-$60 pieces. I know - jackpot! I've \worn\"" this half a dozen times so far and it is still in great shape. The only fault on the back where slit connects to the top of the bra part has come apart and frayed a little. I still wear it and it still looks great! Still worth 5 stars!""	review_date"
"This was the first piece of lingerie I've ever bought	 and I must say I'm pretty happy with it. I ordered the purple in Large	 and I really could've gone with a medium. It doesn't really cinch at the waist	 so it isn't super flattering (I'm 5'0 145lbs) but it could be much worse. The underwear fit nicely	 though. There was one loose thread on the straps	 but I cut it off and it wasn't a problem. I'd say it's a great start if you're just exploring the realm of lingerie!	review_date"
"First time buying lingerie online but I thought I鈥檇 give it a try for my anniversary. This was such a cute set and fit perfect even with my 鈥榤om bod鈥?lol. Hubby really liked it :)	review_date"
"Arrived a few days earlier than expected	 the color is nice it's more of a light blue than a sea foam green depending on lighting. The material is also soft 	it does fit a tad big but it's nothing a quick normal wash and dry can't fix. I'm about 5'8 145 lbs	 36 C. I could have ordered a small if I wanted a tighter fit I can stretch the top a good 3 inches from my ribs before washing. I suggest delicate cycle if you don't want it to shrink. Very satisfied with my purchases from Avidlove so far. :)	review_date"
"I was actually surprised at the bottoms with this lingerie. You always hear about people buying a lingerie set and the panties are tiny string thong that is either too big or small. However	 these panties fit great and really make your booty look really good under this babydoll. The material is also very soft and the adjustable straps make it great to get the right coverage for your cleavage.Height: 5'4\Weight"
"Good quality and comfortable. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it just doesn't flatter me up top. I'm 5'5\	 150 lbs	 and I ordered the large. The neckline plunges below my breasts	 making me look a little floppy	 and it kind of pushes my boobs out of the inside AND the outside. Not a lot of coverage or support for my breasts. The straps are adjustable	 which helped	 and the whole thing was surprisingly very comfortable. The thong is super comfy and flattering	 and the chemise is really soft to the touch. Good for the price.""	review_date"
Very nice... the lace is sooooo soft (it is see through).  Wish it was a bit more supportive for the girls 
"I am 5'4\ 135 pounds size 34D and I purchased a medium which fit comfortably. I ended up tightening the straps as far as it can go because it felt a little droopy in the front. After doing so the babydoll nighty looked perfect on. I usually purchase only through VS but for $16 on amazon I couldn't help but give it a try and I am just as satisfied as I am with my VS purchases. This looks extremely sexy on.""	review_date"
"Like all women鈥檚 clothing size is a little different for every product. I usually wear about a size 14-16 or XL	 I saw reviews that said they ran slightly small so I ordered a XXL and it fit perfectly! Material is soft and my boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
Looks great. The straps in back are adjustable so it was easy to make it fit perfectly in the chest. I'm 5'6\ and 130 pounds
"Super soft and nice! Thought it would feel too cheap	 but the sewing job is not too bad and the fabric doesn鈥檛 give that away. Both top and bottom fit nicely and there is a bit of elastic to hold the boobs up. Be aware if you have a petite top frame though cause the plunge is a bit wide so there might be some slippage. But who knows that might be what you鈥檙e going for "
"Absolutely love this and the underwear that comes with it was unexpectedly awesome.	review_date"
"I am 6'	 220 lbs and bought this in a 2x. This fits perfectly and is very flattering. Will definitely buy this in other colors.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 not comfortable with how I look	 but this set makes me feel more confident in wearing lingerie. The cut and fit was flattering and forgiving. My husband loves the look. I plan on shopping for more sets before Christmas. Received in new condition and timely manner	review_date"
"I was looking for something sexy yet affordable for my ten year anniversary to Hawaii.  This did not disappoint.  It did not have any snags or threads and seems to be comparable to lingerie you would find at other well known retailers.  It was an excellent deal for the price and I will be sure to purchase more nightshirts from this company in the future.  Fits true to size.	review_date"
"I'm usually always a skeptic when buying any clothing online..but took a leap at this based off previous reviews and glad I took the chance. The material is light weight and flowy and the color is true to the pictures. Most importantly is that it's true to size. Both my husband and I love it. Will definitely order from this seller again.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1	175	 38DDD and it fit like a glove in size L. I will definitely be ordering more colors! It's not only incredibly comfortable	 flattering	 and surprisingly supportive but it comes with a cute pair of cheeky panties that I wear even without the teddy. I highly recommend!	review_date"
"I got this for my girlfriend and she looks so sexy in it. She said it's preallly comfortable and comparable to something you could get to pink or Victoria secret. I would show pictures but I'm sure you all would understand why I wouldn't do that haha.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece! Not only is it super flattering	 the lace is so soft that it鈥檚 well worth the money. The only thing I did not like was the ribbon around the very bottom	 but that鈥檚 just a personal aesthetic problem. The most underrated part of this piece was the panties that came with it! They are so incredibly soft and  Sexy! Only thing is that they don鈥檛 really have a definitive from or back but they are so perfect! I wish they sold them separate- would definitely purchase more of those!	review_date"
"The package arrived on time and to be honest the photo doesn't do the purple justice. It is so elegant and classy and oh so comfortable to wear! I'm 5'6\ and 150lbs. and have A cups. I'm pear shaped so around 32 28 36 for measurements and the Small fit me like a glove! The matching panties fit perfectly too! Will be buying more from AvidLove in the future!""	review_date"
"Ordered this for Valentine鈥檚 Day.. Love it!! I ordered a medium-perfect fit. Iam 5鈥?	 144lbs and a little bit of a baby pooch from 4 kids. The material is soft and comfortable. I did have to majorly adjust the straps	 as Iam not as well endowed as the model shown (36B). Would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"So disappointed this didn鈥檛 fit. I used the size chart in the descriptions that shows the picture of the item next to it	 and this should have fit	 if not been a little big. But it wasn鈥檛 even close. The color was beautiful	 but the quality was fairly cheap. I have purchased other lingerie through amazon with much better results. Ladies if you are plus size	 this isn鈥檛 for you.	review_date"
"I purchased a size larger than my t-shirt size and it fits perfectly. I'm a curvy woman so I was pleasantly surprised when I tried it on and realized it clings where it is supposed to and flatters everything else. The sheer lacey fabric is surprisingly soft and moves like silk.It made me feel incredibly feminine.My other half is certainly a fan too (let's be honest it's not really for sleeping). As soon as walked into the room I had his undivided attention instantly.	review_date"
"Adjustable straps make this fit well	 even petite frames - which I was nervous about. Super sexy. Comfortable. I've never worn lingerie before but am very happy with this purchase	review_date"
"Exactly what I was looking for! This is the perfect type of lingerie that I was looking for in stores	 not too much but still very sexy! I will be able to wear this often! Oh and the underwear that come with it are hands down my absolute favorite! So comfy and cute!	review_date"
"Very comfortable.  Very sexy.  I am 5'8\	 size 14	 38DD and the XXL fit just right.  If you have 38DD or larger breasts and are not petite	 I would NOT order a smaller size.""	review_date"
"Don't be fooled by the price	 it is actually pretty comfortable	 the fabric seems to be of decent quality	 and it has survived being machine washed (cold water of course) too! Although if you're not careful	 your partner might just rip it off you before you even get the chance to do that - it looks great and fits more or less true to size	 maybe a tiny bit small!	review_date"
"Husband loved it! It fits pretty well and I feel great in it. My only complaint is the bottoms were just on the tight side. The material is better quality than I was expecting	 given the price. I would buy it again.	review_date"
"I bought this while 8 months pregnant. I wanted something sexy to wear for our anniversary while feeling like a ginormous whale. This fit amazing and made me feel amazing! Super sexy!	review_date"
"Very cute lingerie. I bought this to wear while pregnant. It fits perfectly and even transitioned well with my body after baby. I didn't gain weight	 so it fit the same way.	review_date"
"I really like it	 I could have bought a medium and it would have fit but I got a large just in case. I'm 5'3 and between a 140-145lbs it cycles up and down	 but my breast fit a 34D to a 34DD and I was hoping for more support in that area. I'm going to keep it because I still like the outfit	 I was just hoping for more support.	review_date"
"SUPER FLATTERING! Both	 the top and bottom	 fit perfectly. The back opening shows just enough to tease your partner a little. My boyfriend is going to love this!	review_date"
"I bought this in a size medium in the color black	 and am 5'2\ and 150 pounds (38B bra) for reference. I purchased a medium after reading some reviews where it said it ran large	 and I am glad I did. The medium was perfect. It is thinner material than I expected it to be	 but it is good quality for the price nonetheless.""	review_date"
"I ordered a size larger than I normally would bc of prior reviews. I'm 5'9\ and about 190lbs and the XL fit great. I love this babydoll	 especially with the opening in the back vs the front. It's very comfortable	 gives you enough support in the boob area and my husband loved it! I liked it so much I ordered it in another color. It goes especially well with the La La Cheri crotch-less boy shorts!""	review_date"
"It is very pretty. It is soft and comfortable	 which surprised me. The panties are very comfortable. The outfit fit	 but the chest area was a little small and not super supportive (I wear a 38-40D and bought an XL). But it's still cute and I'd recommend it!	review_date"
"I'm almost baffled how fantastic this is. It's made decent	 everything fits perfect	 and I plan on buying more in other colors. Plus the matching panties are FREAKING CUTE!!	review_date"
"Not the softest piece of lingerie	 but for the price	 you can鈥檛 beat it. Super sexy fit"
"For reference: I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 154lbs	 and 36 D (with thighs/hips for days). The large worked for me. I like that there was an adjustable strap for the top.	review_date"
"Fabric is great quality. Better than expected. Top fit great	 I was worried it would be too small. Although	 the bottoms that came along we're way way way too small. I'm hoping I can find some matching ones else where. I got this to surprise the hubby on our trip away coming up	 or I'd return. All in all I am happy with the product	 just wish the bottoms we're bigger.	review_date"
"Fits well and very flattering. Neckline is adjustable which helps for those that are smaller chested	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 123lbs and this fits perfect on me. The top is sexy looking and I鈥檓 glad it came with a lace underwear instead of string.	review_date"
"5\5	 155lb	 36dd	 30 inch waist and 43 hips.  Size Large fit fiance' perfectly.""	review_date"
"I was very skeptical of buying lingerie online	 but once I read some of the reviews I decided to go for it. I am 5'4 and 149 lbs I ordered a medium in the blue and the fit was beyond perfect. This set accents in all the right areas and gives the right amount of coverage in other areas. It's completely sexy and yet very comfortable. I never write reviews but this item I was so pleased with	  and my boyfriend would agree!  I am actually planning to purchase more in other colors!	review_date"
"My man loved this. The color is as pictured and it feels nice on	 it runs a little larger on the top mainly because I'm smaller up top and bigger at the bottom.The reason I took 2 stars off is because I don't see this lasting long. After 2 washes parts of it are already unraveling and I even used a garment bag each time. I wish this held up more because it's really nice.	review_date"
"I'm a size 16 with a small chest and I looked great in the extra large. It's super soft too.	review_date"
"Love this but I wish it had better support for my saggy 34 triple d breast (Victoria secret sizing) the back slit is so sexy!	review_date"
"Sexy. Mid section is a little more sheer than I hoped but it's my own fault....cant erase the belly overnight.  Material is very wrinkled and needs ironing	 so don't expect to take it out if the package and wear it. Wish there was a little support on top to lift the girls.	review_date"
"This is so flattering and cute! I love that the underwear it comes with aren鈥檛 a thin little thong either	 they actually look cute on me which I generally find difficult with lingerie bottoms.	review_date"
"I listened to the reviews when it came to sizing and I'm glad I went with this one! It fits perfect! Hubby is going to love it!!	review_date"
"I usually wear a large in shirts and a size 10 pants. But I decided to go up in two sizes just to stay on the safe side. I probably could have been okay with a XL	 but it feels comfortable. I love the material. The panties are okay	 not itchy or uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Very pleased with this this chemise! It is soft	 nicely made and it didn't take long to arrive either. This is a good seller by the way. I got small and it fit perfect	 for reference	 I am 1120 lbs 5'4 and 36D. It's lovely	review_date"
"I normally wear a large in underwear but have an overall small frame and didn't want the top to be big	 so I sized down to a medium and it fit amazing! Top fits great and matching panties are super stretchy and fit me without squeezing. Looks exactly as advertised. Looks like something I would spend at least $70 on at a department store	review_date"
"Gave this as a bachelorette gift.  The girl liked it and said it was really soft.	review_date"
"Got this in the green because my SO has a thing for greens and blues and he loves it! His literal words were \Wow	 that looks amazing!\"" and it really made me feel sexy. I think I might get it in another color!""	review_date"
"I love this piece of lingerie. However	 it lacks support for women with very large breast. I wear a 36 H	 but my shirts are medium to large. I complimented the top with a bra	 and it was perfect. I wish designers would make lingerie with support for women who may have large breast.	review_date"
"Impressed with quality. Probably wouldn't wear the panties. Top is shear but drapes so flattering.	review_date"
"I bought this a present for a friend. It looked very cute and sexy	review_date"
"Arata super bine!Artificii	 baby! Artificii!Un pic mic pentru bust. Port 80D-80E. Dar	 nu a mai contat pana la urma... :)))Looks great!Fireworks!A little bit small on my bust. I wear 36DDD. Took a large. But	 it' s OK. Didn't need it anyway... :))	review_date"
"I'm a heavier set	 curvy female (5'4\ ~220lbs and a size 17) I got an XL thinking it'd run small or be just right	 I almost think I could have gotten away with a Large but it is VERY comfortable! I can wear it around the house for a tease and not be in a hurry to take it off because it's so nice! I definitely need more like it!""	review_date"
"When I took it out of the package	 I thought it was going to be really tight	 but that wasn't the case.  The top is stretchy	 almost a little too stretchy.  There's not much support for the girls	 but it didn't really bother me.  The underwear was a little tight around my hips	 but all together I'm satisfied with the outfit.	review_date"
"Looks good. Quality you would expect from this type of product	review_date"
"I ordered this outfit in every color I love it so much!	review_date"
"Love this item but the fit is s little off. The top runs a bit larger while the bottom runs a bit small. It works though. I would suggest it for the price! Husband LOVES it.	review_date"
"I don't feel unproportional	 but I did get a size up just in case and it is a bit small for my bust.  Otherwise	 I absolutely love this and he did too.  It is soooo comfortable and flattering!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and currently weigh about 165lbs. I ordered XL and it fit great. It is so soft and comfortable and it looks very nice on. I plan to order a couple more in other colors.	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised how nice this product was when it arrived. The material is very soft. With the adjustable back it tightened to the perfect it for me. The top has no coverage which is okay for what I wanted it for. The panties are very similar. The color is very true to the picture. Very sexy. Hope my boyfriend thinks so too	review_date"
"I love this its a perfect fit!  I ordered a small.  I wear a size 2 in dressed	 but have 34DD so sometimes hard to find things to fit my small waist.  Fits perfect and is very confortable. The underwear are also very comfortable	 i hate G strings and these are not.  Very sexy cute fit underwear. Nice quality i just oderd a second one.	review_date"
"Great fit	 comfy and nice colors	review_date"
"I am 5'3\ 160lbs with a 36DD chest. The large fits perfectly. I just wish there was a little more lift in the bust but hard to do with lace. Still very sexy	 nice material.""	review_date"
"Really great quality. Boyfriend loved it! Fit as described and was very comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"I love this! For the price it fits amazing and is good quality. Will definitely be buying in more colors. I鈥檓 usually a size medium in VS bottoms but downsized to a small in this after reading the size chart and it fits perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 120 lbs.	review_date"
"fit was good and very nice material	 very sexy.	review_date"
"Purchased a large. Very flattering to all body types. Sexy yet elegant for the right price.	review_date"
"I love this babydoll! It is hard for me to find lingerie that fits right (5'3\	 130 lbs	 32A)	 I got the small and I LOVE it! Will be buying in more colors. Its very soft and flattering.""	review_date"
"Decent for the price. Hubby likes it	review_date"
"I love this so much and the sizing was so accurate that I'm going to order more from this company.	review_date"
"Currently breastfeeding and so I am not the most perky at all times	 and pretty top heavy. I would recommend this is you are small-chested or have implants.	review_date"
"Was a gift	 recipient was happy.	review_date"
"Fit as expected. The color was very nice and lasts.  I do just throw in the wash with other under garments and it is doing fine.  And it's easy to remove.	review_date"
"wear size 11/12 with a D cup	 bought the XL and it fit fine	 I didn't expect any support on the top	 coverage is better than I expected. Lace on top is soft and stretchy	 ribbon around bottom has no give but sheer fabric does	 hopefully it won't be a problem with breaking the stitching	review_date"
"Great product for the price.  My wife loves it and it looks great.	review_date"
"I got this for a friend for her honeymoon and was worried about it looking and feeling cheap but I wrong. It looks and feels great! The sheer and lace are soft and the lacey underwear are nice too! It looks nicer than the picture honestly i definitely recommend it	review_date"
"such a great quality set for the prices! i like that it isn't skin tight. bought this for valentines day for the hubby :)	review_date"
"Read reviews and decided to order 1 size up and it's kinda big.	review_date"
"I ordered a size Small. 5鈥?	 136 lbs and about a 32/34 DD. The lace/material is soft. It is lingerie so don鈥檛 expect it to hold your 鈥済irls鈥?up for support	 however looks pretty good on. Great price and the panties it came with is much better than the last/exact Sam style babydoll  (but it was a g-string	 not sexy)! This item shipped out quickly.	review_date"
"Nice chemise set	 but be aware that there is zero support in the top. If you have a C cup or more	 you will want to wear something to hold your self up.	review_date"
"It was more for people with a long torso.  I am 5'..short and round...did not really work for me.  I am a 36C...the bust size was right	 it just seemed to be a product designed for taller people.  More like 5'4 and above.	review_date"
"Bought this for my GF and I to be extra on vacation. And we both really enjoyed it. It looks very nice in person and doesn't seem to be made out of any super cheap materials and is very accurate of the photo	 which can often be misleading when buying online.Only \bad\"" part about this is that she said the panties that it comes with are slightly uncomfortable because of how they are sowed. But that's the only negative we had.""	review_date"
"Fits great	 But I was informed it's a little in the big side. so Get it a size down ?Anyway	 It looks great. I like the Red.	review_date"
"What I got was not pictured. It had a bow and was about 3 sizes too small for me. The panties were nothing like pictured. Don鈥檛 order this item.	review_date"
"My wife looks hot in it	 so I think it was a great buy!  Good quality and good value!	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and it was too big. I'm 5'7\	 145lbs	 34B. The fit wasn't flattering and the top part seems to be made for big breasts only. I returned it.""	review_date"
"The top fit perfect. But the underwear was to tight.  The next size up under wear would fit but then the top would be way to big.  But I can get over the bottoms not fitting because it won't be on long. :)	review_date"
"Surprising comfortable	 very flattering. I LOVE THE UNDERWEAR!!! While the straps are easily adjustable	 I would not recommend for small boobs. I will definitely be getting more colors!!!	review_date"
"He liked it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 soft and I look sexy af. The color red doesn鈥檛 look too cheap. My only complaint is that it doesnt give the girls any lift and I fall out of the cups a little. I weigh about 165 (36DD) and everything fits.	review_date"
"I'm a thick girl so I usually don't buy things like this. I decided to for a photoshoot that I'm doing and all I can say is WOW! the material is great	 it fits really well and even looks great! I highly recommend!!	review_date"
"I believe the sizing runs small. I ordered a 2XL to have a loose fit and I usually am a large	 but this size is perfect fit as if it were a large. I would suggest going up a size unless you like a nice fit. chose the \red but is actually pink which I don't mind. nice material no complaints for the price .""	review_date"
"This is adorable and fits perfectly. Beautiful color too. So many of the avid love products come with a g-string	 and I鈥檓 so glad this one didn鈥檛 because I love this style bottoms better!	review_date"
"Very good products. Fit well and nice quality.	review_date"
"Little big. Looks good	 but no breast support. Definitely not like the picture at all. I'm a 32DD and got a large	 but probably should have opted for a medium. The band is too big.	review_date"
"I am a size 16	 averaging 200 lbs. Fits great	 comfortable and mission accomplished!!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"I bought a size small since I鈥檓 really petite and my chest is a 34 DD and it fit perfectly in the chest area	 was still a little long on me but that doesn鈥檛 really matter	review_date"
"Love love love! Recommended	review_date"
"I was a bit hesitant about ordering	 but I actually really enjoyed it :) the fit was really good and I was happy with the overall product according to price. It's not itchy at all which was something I was expecting. I really love this!	review_date"
"Gorgeous	review_date"
"Super flattering and I LOVE how the underwear fit. Not that sturdy	 and could easily be ripped... but hey	 it's lingerie and that may not be a bad thing "
"Good quality for the price	 and true to size. I usually wear a S/M top and M bottoms- I ordered a medium and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie. Perfect fit.	review_date"
"Can't beat the price for this sexy nightie! I might buy it in another color as well!!	review_date"
"So awesome and flattering	 boyfriend loved it. Hides the stomach in a flattering way and has a cute little peep hole in the back for your booty. Super cute definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Soft and pretty. The cut was flattering and you can鈥檛 beat the price. Comes with pretty little panties too!	review_date"
"I bought this for our honeymoon and surprised my fianc茅 with it. Before being able to even lay a finger on me he  popped and i had to get a mop to clean up the pool of drewel that had accumulated from his mouth. Ladies ya man will enjoy this	review_date"
"So so so cute. I'm 5'9\ and a medium build. This is so flattering. I got a medium.""	review_date"
"I could have gone one size down	 but overall the fit was comfortable. It鈥檚 a very sexy set and I agree with other reviewers \u003e\u003e\u003e the panties are much nicer that the typical g-strings that are included with other sets.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 Only one small little flaw. The straps are adjustable but they act like elastic. For bigger breast girls your tatas will be everywhere lol too much weight the straps won鈥檛 hold em up. Other than that hubby loved it as did I.	review_date"
"Super duper soft non itchy perfect size great color would buy again for sure	review_date"
"However the back was TOTALLY different from what was on the picture. Not happy about that. That was the reason I purchased this garment.	review_date"
"The overall review of this item is fantastic. I would purchase again in the future. The material is very light weight and feminine. I ordered a size XL and am 5鈥?鈥?230 lbs.	review_date"
"Nice product	 doesn鈥檛 hold up well in the top	 fits larger than normal. I wear a medium in hips and small in tops	 so it鈥檚 too big in the top	 but the underwear fit.	review_date"
"I am 5'4	 about 110 pounds	 and a 34B and this fits me perfectly!! Both top and bottoms! The material is very soft and extremely comfortable I am very impressed. I wear around a 0-2 in jeans and the bottoms are perfect	 but they stretch so I think a small could fit up to a size 4-6 in my opinion. I will definitely buy from Avidlove again :)	review_date"
"This was a little let down. If your small chested	 this is not for you. Also the pic online show that this is open in the back which is not what i received. Item was not what was shown when i purchased it. Returning it.	review_date"
"For the price I paid	 it was great. My boyfriend really enjoyed it.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this. It鈥檚 sexy	 semi-simple	 and just perfect. I would totally recommend this anyone. It鈥檚 at an affordable price. One thing I do recommend is not to place it in the dryer. Let it air dry so it doesn鈥檛 shrink.	review_date"
"Perfect	 very sexy. Top part was a little large on me	 fit in boobs	 strap going around was a bit loose on waist. Panties were great. Very attractive	 can't wait to wear.	review_date"
"Super comfortable.	review_date"
"Very attractive!  Definately more flattering and better fit than much more expensive brand name lingerie. I will definitely look for more Avidlove when I am in the market. I am 5 feet tall 120lbs	 32 B/C cup and small fit perfectly. Love the adjustable straps.	review_date"
"Super happy with it	 I didn't know what to expect because it was so cheap	 but the quality was great!	review_date"
"Very cute	 but the top is not made for D cup. Very small cup area. Purchased a size L.	review_date"
"Love this! I ordered a medium due to my DDD and it fits great. Even has a little extra room to be comfortable!	review_date"
"I'm giving this 5 stars because the product came in time the product looked good and fit just as great! Got a size L and I'm. 5'7 170 pounds it fit my perfect.	review_date"
"I have ordered a whole bunch of different nighties somewhere okay some definitely not but this one the color was beautiful fit great and looked amazing	review_date"
"Loved it and my fianc茅 was speechless. Great product for the price.	review_date"
"Pretty simple and sexy	review_date"
"This was a nice piece. I bought a L because the reviews suggested buying a size up. The top fit wonderfully but the bottoms were definetly too small. They didn't have a tag so I'm not sure how those are matched with tops accordingly.	review_date"
"Like it a lot. Fits pretty well. Only complaint is that it is not very supportive due to having a larger bust. I still like it and glad I bought it.	review_date"
"Would be given it a 5 if the lace was a little more sturdy. Ya	 I know	 lace.. But its the cheap stretchy stuff not real lace sooo it tears easily	review_date"
"Fit better than I thought it would especially the underwear could have used a slightly bigger size in the underwear but it still fit nice . Bought the xl I usually wear a L but ordered a size up.	review_date"
"Purchased this for a bridal shower gift.  She loves it and said it fit great.	review_date"
"Love it!  Fits nicely and is very becoming!!	review_date"
"I am a size 14 pant and a 38D bra and bought a size XL. It fit exactly how I wanted. There isn't a ton of support on top	 though.  I dug the panties and they fit well. More importantly though	 my husband liked the whole look. :)	review_date"
"I love my baby doll. I bought it in a size medium and looks great on me.. I can鈥檛 wait to show it off to my bf..	review_date"
"Looks great and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"A really great buy! Great fit	 great price	 sensual and pretty...(I also just bought a second pair)	review_date"
"I鈥檓 surprised at the quality and got for such a cheap price. Love it!	review_date"
"Pretty!	review_date"
"Great product wife looks great in this.Very sexy. Quality product. Great value.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 sit right	 cheap and fit awfully. Never used it and can鈥檛 return	review_date"
"Just like picture	 good quality	 fits perfect.	review_date"
"Super nice and very cute. Comfy	review_date"
"Pleasantly surprised by the quality for the price. Doesn鈥檛 feel cheap. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 110lbs	 32C	 and I got the small	 which is a little bit big but not noticeably so. Figure flattering	 love the opening in the back! Also a big fan of the color (royal blue).	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a currvy girl and this is flattering. Love this and I鈥檓 sure the hubby will too!	review_date"
"I love the teddy part of this	 but could do without the underwear.  They are not comfortable or flattering.  Still	 super cute top!	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie but if you have a larger chest (from babies or breastfeeding like I do) go a size up! Also not super supportive but still really good quality.	review_date"
"It looks SO GOOD on. I wore it for a boudoir photo shoot that I will be giving an album of to my fianc茅. It was perfect. I'm 5'	 150lbs and wear a 36B and we had to adjust the straps as tight as they'd go but I pretty much expected that. I absolutely love this.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! Good quality! Very soft material.	review_date"
"I loved this outfit and so didn't my boyfriend! So comfy and cute. Easy access to even leave the top on without it being in the way. Def recommend!	review_date"
"Very nice Chemise!Love that it is adjustable at the top!	review_date"
"Runs true to size	  I'm a guy and love it.	review_date"
"Cute dark plum set. Looks nice on	 decent material and great price	review_date"
"Soooooo cute !!! My favorite out of all my baby dolls	review_date"
"This item was the perfect gift to myself for the hubby on Valentine鈥檚 Day. The slit in the back allowed for freedom in the front and it wasn鈥檛 form fitting like some pieces are and I can鈥檛 stand that. Will definitely buy again in different colors. A+ for this item!!	review_date"
"Very flattering	 soft. Great quality. Panty included is not your average thong	 a lot more comfortable. I will be purchasing another one.	review_date"
"Fits as expected! I love it. Its nice material and looks like the pic.. Its awesome because the back is adjustable..i got black i like it so much i might get it in red! Thanks!	review_date"
"This is my favorite of the 3 items from Avidlove that I ordered. Very cute and flattering. I like that the bottoms are not the usual Gstring. They are way sexier. Nice adjustrable straps. I do wish the cups were a bit bigger but I am rather busty so I expected that.	review_date"
"This is surprisingly comfortable and fit perfectly. I do with there was a little more support	 but for the price	 I was very satisfied.	review_date"
"Got this for the wife	 she looks gorgeous in this. Fits perfect. She's 5'2\ 115 lbs. Small worked wonderful.""	review_date"
"This fits great and is super sexy on. My husband loved it!!	review_date"
"Fit way too small compared to the others. Pretty disappointed!	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable!!	review_date"
"I was nervous about ordering this as it was a valentine's gift to my other half and with losing weight I didn't know if it would fit properly. It fit great and even a little bigger than I expected.	review_date"
"Comfortable and cute! Nice for what I paid. The underwear are not too comfortable for normal wear.	review_date"
"Comfy. True to size. Super cute.	review_date"
"I wear a 38C cup	 weigh about 175 pounds	 and am 5'7\. I went with my gut and ordered my usual size"
"Got this for a bachelorette	 she loved it!	review_date"
"I was surprised...this was way cuter in than I expected  I ordered an XL but could have done a l	review_date"
"It's beautiful it really spice things up for my wife and me.	review_date"
"Nice colour blue. Material doesn't look cheesy.	review_date"
"Gorgeous dress!  You cannot go wrong!  It should be flattering on anyone.  Just pick a color and go for it!	review_date"
"Looks great and fits just fine but I'm not a huge fan of the underwear that comes with it.	review_date"
"Runs a little small but I like the quality and price.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?125 lbs and I bought a small in blue and black. Love!!! It鈥檚 think but it鈥檚 supportive to your boobs. And everything fit great! So excited!	review_date"
"She loves this. Soft fabric	 very flattering. The panties are not open back	 but who cares about that.	review_date"
"Fits really well while being pregnant. Comfortable. I got the large in black and have plenty of room and the bust fit as recommended in the size charting.	review_date"
"Sexy! Bought an xl cause I thought it would run small	 not really. I'm a curvy 12	 should have stuck with the large.	review_date"
"A little small at the breast	 but I鈥檓 a 44G so it鈥檚 always expected. Pretty color and the thong was a nice addition	review_date"
"Would love this better is the bust part was a little bigger. It fits everywhere else but there.	review_date"
"The underwear fit good. Don't care for the top piece.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 170lbs... ordered XXL. It survived mashing washing and drier 馃榿 Looks still alive and attractive. Haven't try it on yet	 happy about the size as Chinese size always has problem	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 and wear a B cup. It鈥檚 nice and flowy around my problem areas and super flattering!	review_date"
"Nice design	 but panties looks nmre like a medium size instead of small.This is happens very often with all Avidlove brand products.	review_date"
"This is super cheap and not well made.	review_date"
"I got a medium	 which fit better than the small. I'm 5' 9\	 125 lbs	 and 32G-H bra size {tall	 thin and large bust}. This product is not meant for busts like mine since there is not enough support and it doesn't cover me completely	 but those are not problems for me. Fabric is nice and comfy and the look is great!""	review_date"
"The top fits beautifully! I love the shapes on the front and back. Panties are WAY TOO SMALL. My bottom is large	 so I don't think they are made for that.	review_date"
"Beautiful and a terrific fit.  So happy (as was my hubby)	review_date"
"Best outfit ever. Gives just enough support to busty girls (38D) without being a bra . Underwear is cute .	review_date"
"I ordered a medium based on the other reviews and it fits perfect. Im 5'2 	 135lbs	 34c	review_date"
"Overal happy with this product. I gave 4 stars because as a bustier woman (38DD)	 I found that the straps	 even though they are adjustable	 do not hold my boobs up at all. Fortunately	 for it鈥檚 use it doesn鈥檛 really have to lol	 but I would be nice to help make them look sexier. Still flattering and the underwear are great as well.	review_date"
"It looks really great on!  Love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful color and material	review_date"
"Pretty	 soft	 comfortable. It is just as advertised.	review_date"
"Cheap material	 the underwear is a joke.	review_date"
"Can't sleep when in line of sight!!!!!!!!!!! THANKS	 bill	review_date"
"Very nice quality for pricing...... we have enjoyed this apparel!!!!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this lingere! It fit perfectly and I finally feel good in my own skin again馃槉	review_date"
"Longer than I would have liked it to be	 so I think it actually makes me look bigger than I really am. The bottoms are different from the ones in the picture and the color I wanted was the green. I was disappointed when I opened it and saw that it was a sky blue color. It's okay	 but I wouldn't buy it again.	review_date"
"I'm 5\1' and this is very long on me	 should have gotten the extra small vs the small. The straps are also long even when adjusted to the shortest length. Very soft and the blue is a nice change from the expected typical black lace sets. Still haven't been able to show my partner so we will see how he reacts!""	review_date"
"Love it	 true to size. Feels comfortable. My boyfriend loves it too 鉂?	review_date:March 31	 2017""	star"
"Well I鈥檓 chubby	 not obese but chubby. Unlike the models who always look sexy as hell in their outfits I do not. However this outfit made me feel great.The royal blue color is gorgeous as well. I will be ordering more.	review_date"
"Cute and free flowing. Love it if it fit perfectly but its a bit big in the chest area.	review_date"
"This piece is lovely! I love the material and the fit. I would definitely buy again!	review_date"
"He loved it the pink is super cute!	review_date"
"I am 5	4鈥?and 150. I ordered a large and it fits great .	review_date"
"So comfy and sexy. I have this and multiple Victoria secret ones and I was able to sleep in this one comfortably. Will def buy more	review_date"
"Fast and trouble-free transaction	 everything goes well. I  recommend.	review_date"
"Loved it great material fit wonderfully super sexy !!	review_date"
"Fit really weird and def did not like it.	review_date"
"Straps are a little big but can be adjusted. Love it.	review_date"
"Very pretty color and nice fabric. Is a bit tight but not uncomfortably so. The matching panties are too small for sure if you have rather large hips/butt. I normally wear XL but could size up in the hip/bust area.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 very comfortable. Super pretty.	review_date"
"Nice fit sexy classy.  Great quality I ordered in 2 colors!	review_date"
"Very soft. Very pretty. Never seem to wear it for very long.	review_date"
"Cute and playful	review_date"
"Beautiful color and great item!  I have been happy with every Avidlove piece I have bought	review_date"
"I was unsure of a small or a medium	 but the small fit great and I'm sure a medium wouldn't have made a significant difference	review_date"
"Very pretty for the price. Size down at least 1-2 sizes	review_date"
"Loved it!! Fits perfectly. I got xxl	 I weigh about 225 and I鈥檒l be honest i don鈥檛 have the biggest chest but still looks very sexy!!! I can鈥檛 wait to surprise my boyfriend on our trip!	review_date"
"Very nice and sexy. I'm 5\2 and weight about 190 I ordered the large since I'm cup 38D I think I could of gotten away with medium but overall I love it.""	review_date"
"I love this item. Better than I expected for the price. I'm 5'8\ and weigh 140. I ordered the medium and it's perfect!""	review_date"
"LOVE!	review_date"
"thank you very much	review_date"
"I bought this as a lingerie shower gift. The light blue is gorgeous! The XL looks like it will be a good fit for my friend. I'm thinking of ordering a large for myself because it's so pretty and seems really well made!	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it	 the royal blue color is so vibrant.	review_date"
"I brought this to wear for my husband and I anniversary and he loves it. Especially the open back and the lace panties	review_date"
"I like. Fits as expected using their size guide. ordered the blue. its very pretty.	review_date"
"Adorable.  Fits  exactly as expected.  Very soft against the skin. Well made.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Super comfy and easily adjustable! Beautiful color. I'll be buying more from Avidlove.	review_date"
"Super soft and fit like they鈥檙e description said	 don鈥檛 use amazons. I鈥檇 definitely buy again!	review_date"
"So sexy and very soft fabric. The satin around the bottom is a nice touch.	review_date"
"Love it	 i am really happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Seems to be good quality for the price. My biggest issue was that it didn't support the girls very well. Would be super cute on someone with a smaller chest!	review_date"
"Love this sexy little number and so does my bf :)	review_date"
"Fit well. The dark blue is really pretty. I'm 5'4 and 150 pounds and a medium worked great	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfectly !	review_date"
"I really loved the color and fit of this. It is a bit delicate but I guess that's hard to avoid with something like this.	review_date"
"Bought a size bigger then what I would normally buy which I'm glad I did cause it fit perfect ordering a size up. Loved the color! Came super fast!	review_date"
"I absolutely loved the fit. It鈥檚 not cheaply made and looks amazing on. Brought some steaminess to the bedroom. My husband loved it.	review_date"
"Very good quality.	review_date"
"Very sexy on my wife. The quality is satisfactory.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 sexy!! My husband loves this and I feel so confident!	review_date"
"Great buy! Soft and comfortable and very flattering	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect. Size 5 jeans... bra size 36C... medium build... shirt medium. Hope this helps other guys. I bought a medium for her.	review_date"
"I ordered it 1 size up as directed but it is not made for busty girls at all. Even though the material is very soft and comfortable there is no support.	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS- it fits perfectly and is super cute.	review_date"
"I went with the lime green lingerie my boyfriend loves it and so did I it fit very nicely I'm 55 125 pounds and I ordered the small when usually I'm a medium	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! Fits as expected and is very flattering. Will purchase again!	review_date"
"Wife loves them	review_date"
"I bought this for my boyfriend and he loved it. It didn't have much boob support but I guess that's to be expected.	review_date"
"Very sexy!!!	review_date"
"Super cute and fit perfectly! Hubby definitely loves this one best!	review_date"
"鉂わ笍 love this product	 very affordable and sexy! Make sure you hand wash these items and hang to dry!	review_date"
"SEXY AND VERY CLASSY.....SLEEK AND COMFY FIT	review_date"
"Tightened it all the way but it fits perfectly and looks gorgeous	review_date"
"Love everything about it	review_date"
"Exactly what i thought it would be. Husband loved it.	review_date"
"Fit great	review_date"
"Loved the price and the fit!	review_date"
"very nice..	review_date"
"Very pretty on my skin.  I have a  small bust	 so I was worried.  Looks great.	review_date"
"I liked the racer back style with the slit. That's why I ordered it. I got a halter top with no slit \u0026 no panties. Totally bummed.	review_date"
"Very comfortable.  Husband loved it!	review_date"
"I was somewhat unsure ordering lingerie from Amazon but I LOVE this sexy outfit. I'm 5'4 130 and ordered small it fits perfect the dress and panties. My HUSBAND loves it.	review_date"
"I really like the fit and quality. I am 5鈥? 135Lbs. I ordered a small. Perfect fit. The panties are really cute too.	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Beautiful color	review_date"
"very happy	 the swim suit runs a bit bigger than expected but overall happy wit my items!	review_date"
"Nice color and fit well	review_date"
"Purchased for my wife. She looks great in thus product. Can't ask for more!	review_date"
"Very pretty just too large	review_date"
"Love this super comfortable	review_date"
"This was a gift for my wife and she loves it! Fits as expected!!	review_date"
"All I can say is perfect! It was sooooo cute and comfortable. I鈥檓 usually a bit insecure about my body but in this I felt so confident. My husband loved it on me. I will definitely purchase more in the future!	review_date"
"Looks good on wife and she finds it comfortable	review_date"
"Gift for my wife who is smoking hot	review_date"
"love love love! fits great!! amazing!!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 and I feel comfortable and sexy in it. I am 220lbs	 5'9\	 38C	 and bought a XXL. Love how it somewhat covers my stomach but highlights my curves.""	review_date"
"I love how it looks on me! I cannot wait to wear it on my honeymoon in five days	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
":)	review_date"
"fits nice.  hubby likes	 price was right.	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"It was very cute but made poorly. It has already begun to tear after wearing it once.	review_date"
"It's very flattering and feels great to the touch. My husband will love it!	review_date"
"Absolutely Perfect! Fits amazing as is comfortable! And the panties are not the kind that cut into your hip and make you look all lumpy! The whole things is great quality and is super comfy while making you look sexy!	review_date"
"sexy and fits well	review_date"
"Soft and comfy	review_date"
"The outfit is great	 underwear are my favorite. My husband loves this on me. I gave it 4 stars because the outfit itself is quite itchy.	review_date"
"wife very happy with this	review_date"
"Love the way this outfit fits and looks on me.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Fit great	review_date"
"Although the breast area seemed a bit large	 I made it work and my boyfriend seemed to like it a LOT. I'm happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"Great gift for a bachelorette party.	review_date"
"Came exactly as expected	review_date"
"Alright item.	review_date"
"VERY SEXY lingerie. I feel great in this	 husband will love it. I ordered the purple and it was just as pictured. I am 5ft 5in and 135 lbs	 34C bra	 37 inch hips and 36 inch bust. Ordered the medium and it fit great. This doesn't hoist the chest up the way the picture shows	 in fact I'm a little saggy from breastfeeding	 but it still looks great. So if you don't mind no support	 this won't be a problem. I only gave it 3 stars because it seems very low quality material and I was scared I was accidentally going to tear the lace when I washed it	 by hand	 very gently. But for $15 it's a fun piece to have.	review_date"
"I can鈥檛 wait for my husband to see me in this 馃槏	review_date"
"Perfect product!!	review_date"
"looks good	review_date"
"fits great and it is as advertised	review_date"
"Sent this to a friend and she loves it. Said the quality was excellent	review_date"
"I Def feel confident wearing it	review_date"
"Cute and fits just right!	review_date"
"bought as a bachelorette gift and the bride loved it!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"It is perfect.  Love it!	review_date"
"Good price	 wife looks great in it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy.  The wife loved it.	review_date"
"Good great	 and looks great also	review_date"
"Very nice.Really happy with this order. very pretty for special occasions	review_date"
"I loved this but most importantly my husband loved it! For smooth and silky feel	 very comfortable.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it! Fit perfectly! The back was a little itchy because of the lace but that's it.	review_date"
"Very  cute!!! Love it!	review_date"
"Nice	thx!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so flattering and soft	 I really love the way it fit. True to size. Would definitely purchase more from this seller.	review_date"
"Looks super nice. Can't wait to show it off.	review_date"
"Its absolutely beautiful!	review_date"
"Great value!	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 fits amazing	 and fast shipping! Love their products!	review_date"
"This is so cute! Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Gorgeous and good quality.	review_date"
"Extremely Quality	 shouldn鈥檛 be surprised at this price. Opened the package	 put it on \u0026 the strap on the back wasn鈥檛 sewn great bc it snapped off when I tried to adjust the loop smaller. Broken instantly.	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"So pretty and a great fit	review_date"
"Very cute!!!!!	review_date"
"I really like the way this looks and fits. My partner also really liked the red. I am very happy with this.	review_date"
"It fit very well and is surprisingly soft	 very sexy and extremely comfortable as well.	review_date"
"Really cute fit well	review_date"
"Great color nice material great quality	review_date"
"Cutest and sexiest little outfit!!! Very soft and actually comfortable.	review_date"
"Gr8 item	review_date"
"I really like it the way it looks on me	 it holds my girls just fine	 and most important thing my husband loves it. I'm 5'4\ weight 165lbs and 38D. I ordered a large	  Having lots of fun with it!!!""	review_date"
"Love this so pretty and soft	review_date"
"good buy	review_date"
"Very cute. Not super comfortable.	review_date"
"Fit well and was comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful one. Looks classy. Not bad fabric for this price	review_date"
"Love everything about it!!	review_date"
"Got this for Valentine鈥檚 Day and tired it on. It鈥檚 extremely comfy!!! The tags on the top are a little annoying but that can be fixed... It鈥檚 also very soft.	review_date"
"Arrived on time.Adorable and fit true to size!	review_date"
"Love the nightie. Hate the panties. The panties are to big but the nightie fits perfect.	review_date"
"Love it and the color is fabulous! Fit as expected  - may order more in other colors. Was super fast shipping.	review_date"
"He loved it.	review_date"
"Getting busy	review_date"
"A scrap of lacy cloth really	 that tore before it was even worn.	review_date"
"Fit great my husband love it	review_date"
"True to size	 soft	 cute. Only complaint is that the panties are 100% lace material with no crotch section so def not meant to wear as regular underwear... still love	 bought in blue \u0026 in purple!	review_date"
"Great for the cost	review_date"
"This fit me perfect! My boobs were a little too big but with a small adjustment it was fine! Though it didn鈥檛 stay on long!! My fianc茅 LOVED it! I will definitely buy more things from you guys!!	review_date"
"It is beautiful. But it is too small for my big bust.	review_date"
"super silky	 sexy and comfortable.. true to size	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"I love this.  Fits nicely and has a decent pair of panties!  I wish more lingerie came w/somewhat normal panties like this.	review_date"
"Very good quality. True to size chart but the sizing is a bit smaller than Victoria鈥檚 Secret.	review_date"
"comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"she loved it and so did I!!!!!!	review_date"
"The frabric is soft and the color vibrant. The price cannot be beat. My man loved it so much he鈥檚 been asking me to wear it around the house.	review_date"
My wife is wearing right now i can not wait for bed time thanks
"For such an inexpensive set	 I was pleasantly surprised. It fit well! I am 150lbs and 5'6 and the medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Beautiful! Better quality than I expected and the fianc茅 loved it as well!	review_date"
"She  loved it	 it was a gift for my future Granddaughter In-law.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 unflattering	review_date"
"This fits true to size! The under wear also! HIGHLY recommend!! Hides your belly well too	 i ordered the red set and I鈥檓 very happy about my purchase	review_date"
"Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Supper cute!	review_date"
"This fits my 鈥渕om boobs鈥?excellent! I wish I could wear it all the time.	review_date"
"Bust too big for me in size medium (I am 36c	 5'5	 140 lbs)	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Same as described	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Love the color....fits great and as expected	review_date"
"It fits me perfectly and is very light to wear. It looks very lovely on.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I love it!!! I like to wear it but I didn't expect it to be so see through	 I can't wear around the house. But over all it's great	review_date"
"Very nice ...and worth the price	review_date"
"True to size. My husband liked it.	review_date"
"Fits well. Thank you.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! Fits true to size! Lace is very soft and not scratchy. The product is a bit stretchy which I love! Gorgeous	 cannot recommend enough!	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ and 130lbs	 i usually wear a 34B bra and small size panties and this fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"Inspired some back door	review_date"
"My husband loved it. Very sexy. Quality materials.	review_date"
"The way it fits perfect	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"Loved it! fits nicely and has adjustable straps.	review_date"
"I recieved it and it fit great...Then I realized it's coming apart. The straps are frayed.  :(  I'm so bummed.	review_date"
"Its cute and sexy at the same time. I was concerned that the underwear might be too small or too large but it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 120 lbs	 B cup and a small fit me perfect	review_date"
"Love the open back. Fits nice	review_date"
"The overall quality isn't bad but	as I expected	 this isn't made for big boobs. It was too small in that area and offered zero support. I may still use it	 but don't feel very sexy. At least it was only $13.	review_date"
"Just like the picture! Fits great	 really like it!	review_date"
"Love this lingerie	review_date"
"Love this! super cute	 fits well and washes well no shrinking or fraying	review_date"
"beautiful!	review_date"
"My wife looked very very sexy with these on.I highly recommend it.	review_date"
"very pretty and soft	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"So very cute and fits perfectly! Even the thong!! Boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"The material and construction of this item was great! It is very comfortable to wear. I'm a big fan of this brand. They never disappoint!	review_date"
"This is probably one of my favorite pieces now.  Boyfriend and I love it. The top is a tad bit large but love it regardless!  Bottoms fit well.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and hugs the body in all the right places! My husband was in awe and couldn't wait to take it off!!馃槈馃槈	review_date"
"Super cute	 super flattering	 it fits my chest even though I'm a little busty. Nice material	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"It is somewhat small but is beautiful lingerie.	review_date"
"Perfect. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 36B	124lbs- the medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Looks great on my girlfriend and she really likes it. Very good quality for the price I paid. I have no complaints.	review_date"
"I normally wear a size large so I went a size up and it was a great fit. Would definitely buy more from this seller!!!	review_date"
"Shirt is nice	 print is great. Needed a medium	 ordered a large to be safe. The large fit nicely.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Best lingerie for the price! I am considering ordering another color because its so comfortable and sexy!!	review_date"
"she looks great in it (hot)	review_date"
"Great for such a cheap price! So comfortable yet sexy. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"I would recommend buying a larger size than you normally wear.	review_date"
"Item came on time. It's perfect. It fits lovely. Thank you.	review_date"
"This made me feel so sexy!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 excellent quality	 sexy. I love it!	review_date"
"I absolutely adore this!! I don't normally wear anything like this but it helped me be sexy without showing too much.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy.  Easy to take off!	review_date"
"I normally wear size large	 but I sized up and bought XL. I love this babydoll! It's soft	 comfortable	 stretchy	 and inexpensive.	review_date"
"I ordered this special to wear for the night of our vowel renewal ceremony in Gatlinburg	 TN and it didn't disappoint. My husband loves it and so do I. The color is beautiful	review_date"
"Very nice quality!	review_date"
"This was awesome my girlfriend loved it and it fit her perfect!! Gonna buy more from this seller!!	review_date"
"I really liked the panties	 having fuller hips	 I do not care for the usual string thongs that come with these lingerie's. Purple is my husband favorite color.	review_date"
"nicely made	review_date"
"Looks good but my husband still didn't notice... Not your fault though	review_date"
"This is great lingerie. Very nice material and it fits perfectly. I was skeptical about buying lingerie online but I'm very pleased!	review_date"
"Got a medium and it fit perfect. I was contemplating on getting a large	 I don鈥檛 have a lot of boobs! But I love that it is stretch also	review_date"
"V Cute	review_date"
"It fits a little snug up top and there really is no support at all. If I wear a bra with it it looks great and my fianc茅 loves it!	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Loved this outfit	review_date"
"Very nice quality	 I鈥檓 5鈥?1	 200lbs and a 2xl fit perfectly	 order a size up	review_date"
"so sexy soft firs perfect great quality. 36 ddd and ordered a lg. can't wait to take it on our vacation	review_date"
"I love this one!  It makes me feel good about my body...  Don't question the price	 it is a great purchase	review_date"
"Looks beautiful!	review_date"
Love it- so sexy and really good quality at a great price! Hubs loved it!! 
"Bought this for a boudoir photoshoot	 and it was absolutely perfect!	review_date"
"I look wonderful in it	review_date"
"Color is as expected. Nice product	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Quality item. Fits a bit large.	review_date"
"Fits perfect and very comfortable to wear!	review_date"
"I love this item. It fits perfectly and comes with beautiful undies that I feel comfortable and confident in.	review_date"
"I love the material of this. It fits great and is very cute and comfortable. It looks great and I'm very glad I bought it.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 fits as expected and very flattering.	review_date"
"It provides easy access for my partner.	review_date"
"Love this! Fit perfect!	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Super cute. Love that the straps are adjustable. Panties are a little big. Went a size up when I ordered	 I don't think I needed to.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"i used the size chart and still the top part was a bit small	 everything else fit great.	review_date"
"Very nice. I love it	review_date"
"Very nice!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"Terrible for sensitive skin. The top caused rashes and scratchiness. Not a pleasant experience.	review_date"
"Great fit for the top and bottom and it helps my girls sit nice	review_date"
": )	review_date"
"After reading reviews that it runs small i just uped the size and the fit was perfect.  Boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Fit is exactly my size and fits well. Material is nice too!	review_date"
"Fit's good.	review_date"
"Fit very well just a little too big I could have gone with a smaller size but I loved it and would totally recommend it to others	review_date"
"My husband loved it and that鈥檚 all that matters	review_date"
"Loved it! Fits great and it's very cute!	review_date"
"I loved it and my husband too!Fitted me perfect \u003c3	review_date"
"The overall size does not seem to account for bust size. A 2x will not hold the corresponding breasts that go with a 2x body.	review_date"
"It fits extremely well I got an xl and it is the first thing that has fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"My only issue is the red isnt actually red. More like pink. Im a size 12/14 and i got a large. It fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Got it for my gf	 fit her well! She's 5'7 and got a small.	review_date"
"The underwear fits perfectly	 but the top is a little loose. I am 5'7 and 145 pounds	 I bought a large but maybe could have gotten away with a medium. Still	 very soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Great option when price is a factor. It doesn't feel cheap at all.	review_date"
"Very cute. I'm busty so the fit is a little small in the sides	 but its so cute	 doesn't matter.	review_date"
"Not true to size..very cheap looking	review_date"
"Love this! Very cute and simple.  Quality is good for the price!	review_date"
"So sexy! My boyfriend loves it. The materialIs so soft. Will be buying more	review_date"
"Lace is soft. Fits and is flattering. Came on time in good packaging. Definitely recommend	review_date"
"Fits just as good as Victoria Secret XL top. I wear a size 16/17 sometimes 18 in jeans. I wear a 38D in bra. I Carry my weight around my middle (muffin top lol) it feels super comfy and looks pretty! Bought this set in XL	 it fits great. Adjustable straps. Very soft lace. Same soft quality as my stuff from Fredricks of Hollywood. Panties fit like Target Xhileration brand lace cheeky panties. Overall	 I am extremely happy with the set for the price.	review_date"
"My boyfriend absolutely loved this on me!!	review_date"
"I love mine. Its so beautiful and I feel sexy on it.	review_date"
"Love this! Fit perfectly and very flattering!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very good fit and comfortable	review_date"
"Wonderful.seller fast shipping good material love it 馃槝馃槝	review_date"
"I could have sworn I was ordering a 3x but apparantly the sizes only go up to a 2. At 5'6\ and 250lbs with a small bust it only just fits me around the ribcage... the purple colour is extremely dark and my skin is so pale that it looks black when I put it on (I was hoping for a jewel tone). Just realise - those soft lace 'cups' aren't going to lift	 support	 or separate anything... even with a small bust	 it's just going to sit there on top of them and if you don't pull the straps tight it looks like a mess. Three stars because of the total lack of bust support. But plus one because it was ordered on Sunday night as a last minute Valentine's 'gift' for my husband (is lingerie actually a gift for you	 or for your other half?)	 and it arrived in my mailbox exactly two days later.""	review_date"
"Love it! And so did he!	review_date"
"Very soft material	review_date"
"Material and product is amazing u will live it so much I know I did.	review_date"
"Love the color. Well made. I ordered a size up as I'm a 38DD I wanted to make sure it covered my chest and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Arrived on time and looked super cute. Boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
"Loved it! Looked great and fit great!	review_date"
"Nice material and great fit	review_date"
"Very nice material and comfortable  pleasant surprise	review_date"
"I'm a 36 DDD got and x-large and fit perfectly I love how cute it looks and fits me	review_date"
"Love it so much n comfty to sleep in	review_date"
"Exactly what i was looking for and fit great ! Great quality !!	review_date"
"Super comfortable and the purple is a beautiful shade!!We both loved it!	review_date"
"Came on time. Fit to size. Way softer than I thought it would be. Love the adjustable straps. Perfect!	review_date"
"Good product for price. Comfortable.	review_date"
"138lbs	 A Cup... 6 months pregnant. The medium fit perfectly!	review_date"
"exactly as pictured	review_date"
"Just beautiful.. my husband loved it. I feel so sexy in it.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Very flattering	 comfortable and true to fit.	review_date"
"Fits so good and loooks beautiful	review_date"
"Very delicate and feminine! Exactly how it is pictured.	review_date"
"Quick delivery. Fit as expected. Lovely	 soft material!	review_date"
"This soft color was very pretty. My hubby loved it. So did I	"
"Beautiful color and futs great. My boyfriend liked it so 5 stars!!	review_date"
"Love 	 love 	 love 	 love!!	review_date"
"Cute	 but id order a size up! Doesnt support the boobies but still cute	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Normally wear a large and ordered a large. Fit perfect. Happy that my bf loved it.	review_date"
"Comfort	 sleek	 soft and sexy - my guy enjoyed it very much so!!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 what you would expect. The underwear was higher quality than I thought it would be	review_date"
"I'm 5'10 and 180 lbs. Ordered a large a d it's perfect. Love it	review_date"
"Very light weight and fits perfect!	review_date"
"I love this lingerie	 had my boyfriend going a little wild. I will be buying in amother color	review_date"
"Better quality than expected. Fits nicely!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. I was skeptical but decided to go with it and so glad I did!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love the color. Just as described.	review_date"
"It's okay for the price. Very sheer.	review_date"
"Not for the big chested at all	review_date"
"Fit perfect to the size I chose	 love it!	review_date"
"The breast area doesn't fit large breasted women. Disliked...	review_date"
"160 lbs	 5鈥? got a large- fits perfectly!!!	review_date"
"It's cute and the sizing is as expected!	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Live it. Nice fit and a little flow to it.	review_date"
"My wife looked amazing in this! I couldnt keep my hands off her body!	review_date"
"It fit perfectly and I loved it the color. The way it felt on my skin was so strong soft	review_date"
"I first ordered a Large to accommodate my busty chest. I had way too much boob hanging out the sides	 instead of it creating some nice cleavage. I returned that for an XL to hopefully get a little bit better fit. Nope. There wasn't any more fabric to cover my chest. Since it was larger than what I'd normally wear there was just too much fabric around the body and didn't allow for any cute peek-a-boo action with the open back. The underwear fit alright	 but there's no liner in the crotch and no real way to decipher the front from the back. I returned the second one. I originally got this as a surprise for my husband on our anniversary but I think he'd rather just have me naked anyway.	review_date"
"Super cute. Perfect fit.	review_date"
"Reading reviews with measurements really helped me out	 so here are mine: I bought XL	 and I measure 39 in (chest)	 34 in (underbust)	 and 41 in (hips). It fit perfectly	 and is made very well!Only thing that I didn't like (and made it lose one star) is that the top gives almost no support. If you're looking for the kind of cleavage that is in the picture	 well	 the perkiness will not be coming from the babydoll itself. The adjustable straps help a little	 though!	review_date"
"Very soft	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"LOVE!!!!! Supper comfortable	review_date"
"I absolutely love this product very sexy and comfy	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Reputable seller too.	review_date"
"According to the product listing a XXL should've have fit me. The top was way too small with zero support. I looked horrible in this Babydoll. Unless you look close to what the model in the photo looks like	 this piece probably won't work for you. To give you an idea of what size I am...I'm a size 12 on the bottom and larger 40DD on top.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Beautiful and it fit perfect 馃憣	review_date"
"Cute	 Soft	 Fits as expected and fast shipping	review_date"
"Super nice.	review_date"
"So pretty!	review_date"
"My girlfriend love it. It fits great.  She about 5ft 4in\ 130ish petite with curves""	review_date"
"Great product!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and very cute.	review_date"
"I feel sexy because it fits well. My husband loves it too.	review_date"
"This one fit perfectly! 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Cute and comfy	review_date"
"Great color	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Really great fit	 very flattering on	review_date"
"I love it. Fits very true to size. Can't wait for my boyfriend's birthday so I can show him	review_date"
"Very soft	 well made	 pretty color.	review_date"
"Fit well	 very simple and pretty	review_date"
"Great fit.  Very sexxy.	review_date"
"Me and my wife we had Joy it that whole weekend	review_date"
"Very comfortable. And fit just right!	review_date"
"Cute! Thank you!	review_date"
"I'm 152 and a size 36 D and the medium fits me just fine. 馃檪	review_date"
"one time use...  poor quality.	review_date"
"The wife thought it was pretty	review_date"
"Hate the smell of it I washed it 3x already	review_date"
"Very pretty...very comfortable...well made would purchase again	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love this!! Very sexy. Very soft. Fits perfect!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 me again need I say more	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Quality is great!!	review_date"
"Very sexy love it!	review_date"
"Small in the bust area	 otherwise nice.	review_date"
"Great buy for the price	review_date"
"I love it soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Totally worth it! Recommended!	review_date"
"It fit perfect! I am very happy with this piece!	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Perfect...i liked it so much...	review_date"
"Super cute and soft comfortable stretchy lace top!	review_date"
"Husband and wife approved!	review_date"
"The purple is beautiful! Well made and fit well!	review_date"
"Fits perfect super comfy	review_date"
"ordered the size for me exactly and fits perfect.	review_date"
"Super cute. Just like picture.	review_date"
"love it great for its price!!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Fits as expected	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Super comfy and fits well!	review_date"
"Awesome quality!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Wow	 such good quality for $16!  Super cute and sexy and it's comfy too!!I'm 5'3.5\	 125 pounds	 normally I wear a small but read the reviews and ordered a medium.  Fits perfectly.  Going to look for Nother style from this brand"
"My husband and I love it it fits great	review_date"
"Love it!! Not only me but my boyfriend did to	review_date"
"Love it!! And love the color!!!	review_date"
"So	 I'm impressed and pleased. For the price this is totally fabulous! I'm 5'1\ 136 lbs. I have a 34D cup. I ordered medium. Fits like a dream. Some reviews said the underwear was too big. It was not too big for me. However	 I do have a big booty and hips for my size. The color is as pictured and gorgeous. I haven't worn it for my boyfriend yet but hopefully he'll like it. Comfortable and soft. Seems decently made for the purpose..Update"
"Love it	review_date"
"I love it! So comfortable	 true to size.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Fit well and looked good	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfect	review_date"
"Love it all	review_date"
"cute and comfortable.	review_date"
"Yes like it looks	review_date"
"I like it thank you	review_date"
"Fit as expectedLove the color	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Simply amazing!	review_date"
"He loved it!	review_date"
"Love this! Perfect fit and can't beat the price.	review_date"
"I really loved this piece	 looks really nice and sexy without showing to much! Ordered size large and it fit perfectly. 38D/ 180lb	review_date"
"Great color and product material. Fits true to size	review_date"
"Love it! Really pretty for a good price!	review_date"
"Little bit small but not too bad.	review_date"
"Love it!!!	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"Fits great :)	review_date"
"Just received this and tried it on. I got an XL (I'm a US size 14 in jeans	 L-XL in most tops) it fits perfectly and looks so cute "
"This babydoll is one of the silkiest	 comfortable	 sexy babydolls I have ever bought. I honestly used to buy my lingerie from Victoria's Secret but I haven't in months. I wont ever think about going back after buying one of these. I will probably try out some of the other Avidlove outfits in the coming weeks because I really enjoy wearing this. The only drawback is the underwear. It is soft but I was disappointed there wasnt an open crotch. That said	 the boyfriend absolutely loved it. Jaw dropped. Other than me being nit-picky about the underwear design	 I would HIGHLY recommend this to someone. By the way	 the material is stretchy and it VERY friendly to curves and butts. The length of this is also comfortably generous compared to some other products on the market. Very flirty. Also the blue color is a nice deep blue.I bought this with my own money. I was not paid for this review or offered a discounted price for the product. Im an average customer that wanted to surprise her boyfriend from a long business trip and this was the only product that I liked that would make it in time.	review_date"
"Fits perfect!	review_date"
"My husband bought this and knew what size to buy since he's been buying similar items. This felt large on me. I am a 36c	 while I don't expect support	 this didn't make it any better.Over all the material is nice. The shipping was on time. It looks nice	 just needs to have a better sizing for it.	review_date"
"Runs big	review_date"
"Im 5'9\ weigh 180 and wear a size 12/14 jeans and l/xl top. I have a long torso thick thighs and wide hips so I ordered a size up just in case because when things dont fit its usually around my hips. The top portion is a little big but I expected that (im not a busty lady) and it is a little short on me than it is the lady in the pictures. Other than that it looks and feels amazing. Would recommend. Fits true to size so I would recommend ordering your normal size.""	review_date"
"I love the feel and fit of this product. I loved how it was prime! The color is very fibrant and I loved the bottoms. My husband ordered it and he was very happy with this product.	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS! One of my favorite pieces! I got a medium I'm 5'2\ and 160 lb it fit like a glove!""	review_date"
"Giving this two stars because while it arrived on time	 fit nicely	 was very cute and reasonably priced	 the strap busted the moment I tried it on. The other strap looks like it is a moment away from breaking as well. I am disappointed because many of the reviews said how well made these pieces were for the price.  Going to return and try again and hope that my set was just a fluke.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 sad it was too small but i may order in a bigger size eventually. You may want to size up when ordering	review_date"
"I most liked the closed front and open back. It was more sheer than expected.i did not like the bralette portion. I plan to cut it off and agg my own too	 or create an underlining. However it was pretty well made and looks nice otherwise	 just not my taste all in all. I still plan to keep it though.	review_date"
"Very flattering even though I'm size 16 pants with big belly.  One of my favorites and I have lots of nighties!! Vibrant colors.  Panties are far better than cheap gstrings you usually get.  These are like lace hipsters.  Bonus!Also	  I'm 40C and fits me well in top. I ordered XL.  perfect.	review_date"
"Again as the other product o purchased from this company. Pretty material	 poorly sized. I got xxl again	 and again my breasts were popping out of the sides	 and with little support and my chest popping out	 it pulls the rest of the skirt up and I look like I'm wearing maternity clothing. Don't understand why companies think bigger size just means bigger gut. Other parts get bigger too. Also	 again like other have said.....cheaply made with no quality control. The plastic strap adjuster was broken from the get	 and the strings were hanging out everywhere. I understand it's not super expensive	 but there should still be some quality control as far as repeatedly having stitching issues and broken pieces.	review_date"
"I love the color and how it looked. But the underwear ripped	 it is lace	 but cheap material. Other than that super cute.	review_date"
"I am 5' and 100\. I usually wear a small or extra small (B cup). I was very disappointed that the stitching separated under the bust the moment I put it on. It looks like they needle caught the very edge of the lace when it was stitched. Looked beautiful momentarily""	review_date"
"5'9 174lbs 36G. I didn't really need it to fit the girls because you know what this outfit is for.. but the girls were fit in there with some sexy bulging for my husband. The bottoms were a little big	 but I hadn't planned on wearing them anyways!	review_date"
"This was exactly what i was looking for!!! Im a plus sized gal and i find that most lingerie pieces hit me halfway down my tush. I know its lingerie but for me	 im comfy with it hitting me just past my tush lol. This was perfect!!!	review_date"
"Really nice fabric	 fits perfectly! Love this and so does my husband! AVIDLOVE is my favorite lingerie brand	 great quality and price!	review_date"
"Left a blackish purple stain wherever it touched.	review_date"
"5 stars for the seller	 but I am stuck with a beautiful nightie that is way bigger than should be. Seller said too much time had passed to return. Only worn 1 time for 3 minutes to try on.	review_date"
"I ordered an XXL and the cups are too small	 I am a DDD cups size and this basically just pushes my breasts out the sides of the cup. If you have larger breasts I wouldn't recommend this piece	review_date"
"Great buy. The tata part is a smidge off but the material is very flattering. The open back gives it just enough room to fit very comfortable. I ordered a large praying it would fit. I'm not an online clothes shopper. I would suggest this product	 especially to someone who needs a little give in the midsection.Normally and XL-XXL. Smaller chest with a bigger midsection.	review_date"
"It fit well and looked great	 but I noticed it was ripped at the seam in the front. I'm afraid it's just going to fall apart	 which is a shame because I really liked how it looked.	review_date"
"My Gf Loves it. Fits her small frame but large chest perfectly. Usually I would have to purchase the same lingerie or bikini suit item twice to match her body type. That's if i wasn't able to purchase the top and bottom separately. Also she enjoys the quality from the stitching and feel of the fabric used. All I just have to say is inexpensive	 sexy	 comfortable and happy. She also loves the deep and rich color on her tan.	review_date"
"Low-quality ridiculously small cup size for a plus size garment	review_date"
"Well	 certainly not for natural	 full breasted women. Zero support. Loved the deep red color. Too bad my girls looked worse in this than au natural. Sent it back.	review_date"
"I was disappointed in the fit of the product. The material was flimsy and the cut was unflattering. This might work better for someone with little too no breast sag.	review_date"
"Love well be getting other colors!	review_date"
"This stuff is too damn big! Really the sizes are not what's expected! I was really upset! My day was ruined!	review_date"
"Product is fine for the cost. Material is good	 not very supportive of the girls	"
"I got this in the purple and the color and fit is amazing. The price is great and it compares to items I've purchased at expensive lingerie stores	review_date"
"My wife regular average large size that look like a small on her	review_date"
"She doesnt like it much. Too small and the large was ordered.	review_date"
"Too small. We ordered the size we always get. It didn鈥檛 fit my wife correctly.	review_date"
"This has been the best lingerie purchase I've ever made online. It fits perfectly	 its actually soft and comfortable	 and the color is beautiful. Plus the underwear that come with it are adorable!! Its stretchy on the top so it will fit bigger breasted girls.. finally!! Woohoo ^_^	review_date"
"This was pretty darn small. I purchased this for a friend who just got married last week. Her bra size is a 40 DD	 so I ordered the one according to her size	 but it was too small. It also gives zero support.	review_date"
"Love this!  The fabric is beautiful and soft.  The fit is perfect.	review_date"
"Not for someone with a small chest but it's cute	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"was not the same product as pictured.  Underwear not the same and the top did not split in the back like shown.	review_date"
"Not as described. Color is faded. Straps already look worn. I do not recommend this product. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Wish this fit I even bought a size up	review_date"
"Very pretty	 as described	review_date"
"This is one of the first sets I've ever ordered and been able to wear both pieces of. I listened to the reviews and ordered up a size	 I'm 5'6	 36c and wear  a 10/12	 so I got the xl. The undies fit perfect	 the top I think I could have gotten the Large and been ok	 but I adjusted the straps and feel like it's worth it to be able to finally wear everything together. Material is good	 very soft the blue is as it looks in the picture. Very very excited to use it for the Valentine's Day surprise!	review_date"
"Size at XL was way to small	review_date"
"WAYYYYYYY too small. Returning.	review_date"
"Cute but arrived with a large hole in it.	review_date"
"as said	 a little small for size	review_date"
"Returned it.	review_date"
"Fits on the smaller size. Probably should order a couple sizes larger than I thought.	review_date"
"Made with cheap fabric! The underwear are bigger than expected and the most UNCOMFORTABLE fabric they could have used.	review_date"
"Should have got a larger one	 the top doesnt hold them in. but other then that its cute	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"sizing is so small.  Fits very tightly.  color is beautiful.  panties have lots of stretch and fit nice.  bra area would not fit AA cup let alone a c.	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"I was actually really pleasantly surprised at how nice this is for the price. It's not as silky as the more expensive version but still very nice and fits well	review_date"
"Fit nicely hubby loved \u003c3 it.	review_date"
"I had to tighten the straps all the way to keep them from falling off my shoulders	 but once I did it fit like a dream! I love the material. My only complaint is the tag on it... it's very visible and if you try to cut it off completely you risk cutting the seam threading. I wish the tag was more easily removable or at least in a less visible place. But this being my only complaint	 it does not affect how I feel about it overall! Will definitely buy from here again!	review_date"
"Product was broken when I received it. Small black plastic ring that keeps straps together was broken when I opened the package. Disappointed.	review_date"
"For the price I couldn鈥檛 ask fir much more.The underwear came with a holeThe garment did its job!	review_date"
"Not a high quality product. I won't purchase again.	review_date"
It came on time but I really didn鈥檛 like the way it looked 
"The bottoms do not really have an identifiable front or back.. Kinda awkward. My girlfriend says the material is also kinda itchy. Other than that fit as expected and arrived on time.	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 come with any panties... a disappointment and now need to find a new present for my friends Bridal shower which is tomorrow.	review_date"
"The material is good but the size is wayoff. I even went two sizes up just to make sure it would fit and that didn't even work either. I was not happy with that at all.	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Looks great! Arrived on time.	review_date"
"Product was too large in the upper part	 the color is nice but if your a darker complexion you might want to reconsider.	review_date"
"Fit well to size. For the price I didn't expect TOO much	 but the back opening straps were off center/uneven	 so that bothered me while I was wearing it. I have spent similar amounts on lingerie that had no defects like this	 and maybe I just got a \bad one\""	 but wearing it where the back strap and the opening were not even was pretty uncomfortable (but I have a touch of OCD anyway	 so maybe that wouldn't bother someone else like it did me).Also	 I don't know if the model here just has a super perky chest or what	 but the cups to this do not have any support to push them up. This wasn't an issue to me	 it just did not make my chest look like hers does. The fabric there is just a stretchy lace	 so it gives quite a but. Still looks nice there	 just not as cleavage-y on me as on the model.Side note"
"It's a little large for a small size but my husband sure did loved it!!	review_date"
"My boyfriend was very happy :)	review_date"
"Looks very sexy!! I have a bigger bust and it gives me a more natural look wish it had a little more push up in it..	review_date"
"The quality seems good and I loved the color but it was too small :/ Especially on the top	review_date"
"Much too small	review_date"
"This is really soft. That's all I have to say. It's really soft. Which is great because I was scared it would be a rough mesh.	review_date"
"I'm a bigger girl so I always get nervous whenever I buy stuff like this online. The last lingerie I bought off of Amazon was way too small. I wear a size 14 in jeans and I'm a 38 DDD. I ordered the XXL cause I thought 'too big is better than too small!' It looks super cute it's just a tad small in the boobs... which was expected and a little big everywhere else. It's soft and a beautiful color of blue. Worth every penny in my honest opinion.	review_date"
"I am very dissapointed after i opened the packed thread was already fraying out and the strap was ripped.	review_date"
"Doesn't fit right!	review_date"
"HOOOT	review_date"
"Material is not comfortable.	review_date"
"Im very disappointed. I only received the bottoms and not the top	 which is the reason why i order it.	review_date"
"For the price this is perfect! Soft and comfortable and did not run small! Way better than VS!!	review_date"
"Not for the big chested.  There is abdolutely no support for large breasts unless they're fake.  (I wear 34 F and they're heavy.)  Some underwire would better accommodate.  It is cute	 but the fabric is cheap. The underwear is adorable. I love the ribbon trim and the back opening. Love the color.	review_date"
"The item was very nice but did not offer much by way of support in the breast area.	review_date"
"The only thing that didn't fit was the panties	 and definitely no support for large breasts.	review_date"
"Poor quality. Fabric was not attached to the seam everywhere.	review_date"
"It was way small and the cups are tiny	review_date"
"Beautiful item. Did nothing for my large bust. Sadly I'll be returning.	review_date"
"I got a medium in dark red and absolutely love it !	review_date"
"love	review_date"
"Save your money.	review_date"
"Very happy with how it fit and looked.	review_date"
"Ripped putting on	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"I listened to reviews saying it was made small. Now it鈥檚 toobig. I鈥檓 5鈥? \u0026 145lbs. I probably could鈥檝e used a M. But straps could be adjusted enough I could make it work. The issue is there is 0 breast support. So unless you鈥檝e got perky boobs this isn鈥檛 that flattering. Idk I want to even wear it for anyone. Smh	review_date"
"Love this lingerie piece. Super sexy with the open back. Comes with two pieces: the translucent top and the frilly panties. Fits right to size. Silky transparent look to the whole outfit. Can't wait to give this to my special lady friend. I can only imagine the fun times we will be having with this! :P	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5 foot two and petite. The bottom extended past my knees	 unlike the model who is probably 6 feet tall. Too loose and flimsy. I wear a DD cup and The straps were flimsy and weak.  Had to return.	review_date"
"Really soft and flattering.	review_date"
"Bigger than expected. I'm a size 2-5 in Jean's and bought a large and it's super large. I would've needed a small or med. Decent quality for price.	review_date"
"I ordered in two sizes to see which fit best.	review_date"
"Large was to loose on me should have went with medium	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 hold the girls up	review_date"
"I have large breasts and I will say this fits them like I expect everything else too. Other than that love the product.	review_date"
"It is very itchy in the back and very tight around the rib cage.	review_date"
"If you have anything up top \u0026 you're looking for lift	 this will not do the job at all!!	review_date"
"Sizing is waaaaay off!!	review_date"
"Order a medium and it fit a little small.	review_date"
"My wife looked sexy in these while i was ramming her tight body	 she got so turned on she even offered anal sex	review_date"
"Very cheap!	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ and a 34DD and got a large because I have a butt and like more coverage. It fit exactly as expected. There's no support	 but it had coverage	 is comfortable and looks sexy. I got the hot pink and it's the exact color you see in the picture. It's totally worth the price!""	review_date"
"I love it. Looks very nice. Fits slightly looser than I want but so much that I need to exchange. Great buy.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this purchase! I went by the recommended size measurements and it fit perfectly	 plus the straps can be adjusted to fit. The material is soft and not too see through	 will just need to be somewhat gentle with it since it is a delicate material and lace. I would definitely consider buying from this seller again.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and looks great. Just make sure to check out the sizing chart before picking out your size	review_date"
"I love this piece! it's so pretty and elegant. The straps are adjustable and fit comfortably. I'm a Medium	 32-B with a long torso. I had no issues with the fit at all.This is a great little piece for someone who hasn't quite started feeling comfortable with the really naughty stuff yet. :D It's available in a variety of colors	 but I love the purple.	review_date"
"I just received this nighty.  Shipping was very quick.  I'm a DD and there's not much support but it looks spectacular on.  The quality for the price is really good.  Material is really soft.  I love the underwear too.  Can't wait for my man to see me in it 馃榾	review_date"
"I ordered a small and received and XL.  In the process of returning it. I ordered the blue and did not like the color as much as I thought I would	review_date"
"Love!! It actually has a little support in the bust. Perfect for big boobs!	review_date"
"Very cute and soft material. Does not itch. I am a 36D cup and fits me a little small in the chest area but other than that it's very sexy.	review_date"
"I honestly didn鈥檛 expect much from the price but the reviews were good so I took the bait.. SO glad I did! Such a good piece of lingerie for a tiny price! It鈥檚 sexy	 comfy and perfect for a valentines surprise! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 160 lb	 38D and ordered an XL. Fits great and probably could鈥檝e gotten away with a L.	review_date"
"I love these underwear... they fit perfectly. The top is too large though. I'm 5'5	 120# and A34. I ordered a small.	review_date"
What a cute (and very sheer
"Bought as a shower gift so I can鈥檛 say if it fit or not but it is very pretty and soft in person.	review_date"
"Love the color and the style	review_date"
"Initially I bought this for my wife	 she looks amazing in it	 but after a super fun wild night	 I ended up wearing it... and it worked for us! We ended up buying a few more in different colors.	review_date"
"I was VERY apprehensive about ordering lingerie off Amazon since it's hard to tell by other's experiences if an item will fit you properly. I was wanting an affordable item to wear for my husband for our over-night anniversary trip without having to spend hours in stores shopping.I took a chance and ordered an XL (I'm 5'4\	 154 lbs. I'm a little larger in the hips/butt and smaller in the bust)  and I'm SO glad I did. It fit perfectly - the panties fit	 and with the adjustable straps the top fit great. Decent quality for the price!""	review_date"
"This is a great set but material is on the cheaper side wouldn鈥檛 recommend machine wash !	review_date"
"Material is actually decent..love the boy shorts instead of the string thong..	review_date"
"It's cute! But after one wear	 without even washing it	 it's started falling apart!	review_date"
"Very disappointed with fitting	 does not fit as expected"
"HUBBY LOVES IT	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy! Was a birthday surprise	 and I'm really pleased with it. Usually the underwear that comes with these types of sets are awful	 but these were super cute!!!	review_date"
"It was great	review_date"
"I'm about 5'2	 and wear a 36D bra size. I ordered the rose pink color in a size large	 and it fit perfectly! It was a liiiittle small on the bust area	 but not small enough that I spilled out. It has some good stretch to it	 so that's a plus. Perfect length as well	 and accentuated my short legs nicely. It's suuuper comfy and the material's great as well! Boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"I adore this halter style babydoll nightie.  I got the babydoll lingerie in the purple color and it is a gorgeous rich color. I am just under 5鈥?鈥?and currently wear a size medium or 6-8 but I am busty	 34DD	 so I sometimes have to get a large or xl in tops depending on the style and fabric. Since these are Asian sizes and looking at their sizing chart I decided to go with size extra-large.  It fit a little big so I could have gone with a size large and it would have been fine.  But where the wide ribbon ties connect to the bodice and because it ties behind the neck halter style I don鈥檛 have to worry too much about it falling down.  The lace material across the bust is very stretchy and so soft with a scalloped edge. The rest of the nightie is a soft	 stretchy	 flowy	 sheer material.  The material is a blend of 65% polyester and 35% cotton.  The ribbons are soft	 satiny	 and wide and look very lush.  The panties are made from the same soft lace as the bodice.  This set is very comfortable to wear and sexy and flirty and the length hit me like a mini dress.  It is very flattering.  The care is simple	 I placed it in a lingerie bag and washed it on gentle cycle cold with detergent for delicates then laid it flat to dry.  It dries quickly.  It is sewn well and I have had no loose strings or fraying.  I purchased my babydoll nightie at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
I was so excited when this arrived in the mail! The colors are true to the picture (I got the sea green one). Packaging is nice.The lace on top matches the panties and the the ruffles on this piece is absolutely adorable. I am really impressed with the quality for the price and am planning on ordering the same piece but in black! The panties are so cute! I have recently started ordering lingerie online and most pieces come with a little g-string or thong but this comes with a lace cheeky / boy shorts type. I would love to buy a pack of these.I unfortunately did not take any photos in it (because I was ambushed by my boyfriend when he saw me trying it on 
"Very lovely. The tie around the neck really helped hold the 鈥済irls鈥?up and in place. Used it for a boudoir photo shoot for my fianc茅. I鈥檓 fuller figured at 5鈥?鈥?and 200ish lbs.	review_date"
"My favorite part of this set is the bottoms. A lot of them come with g strings	 which are a bit boring to me. These feel super sexy and fit just right. The top is very see through which could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on what you like. It is made of good quality materials. The ribbon that goes around your neck is very soft and luxurious. It is not uncomfortable at all. I feel like it's not the best for small chested woman	 but overall I like it. I'm 5'4	 110 lbs	 32B for reference and wearing removable pads/underwear for the pictures.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 shocked that this actually fit me perfect! I鈥檓 a 32 D and usually wear size small in bottoms. I ordered a size medium based on reviews. Nice feel doesn鈥檛 feel or look cheap!	review_date"
"This baby doll is very cute. True to size and good quality material. I ordered an XL I am 5'4 175lbs 36DD.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 very sexy. I chose my recommended size off the size chart and should have ordered up a size. Love the color and material seems to be good quality. Not much support for the boobs	 but I don't have implants like the chick in the picture so of course it's going to fit/look different! I read other reviews and other people's comparibles	 found it to be 50/50 match to mine.**Ladies please always list your specs so it can help others find their true size!!!I'm 5'5	 135 pounds	 and a 34C	 shirt size small/medium.I ordered the small	 but it's tight! I hope we don't rip it but it will do. Will order up a size next time. Will be purchasing other items from this seller!	review_date"
"Beautiful fit	 very sexy! Well made. I have worn this many times and not so much as an unfastening seam!	review_date"
"I love this item. The top fits perfectly!It鈥檚 super great for unaltered women who want a simple outfit.I am normally a large and the large fit me.	review_date"
"The thong is tight and my boobs are not even close to fitting in the top. I am a 42 DDD	 I went off of the measurements and reviews. Disappointed but it is a beautiful color and is a good quality babydoll. I wish girls with big boobs had the freedom to purchase lingerie without hesitation.	review_date"
"I love this!! I am 5'1 about 138 pounds and a 34D/DD. I got a medium and it fits perfect. I am a little curvy in the stomach area but it makes me look so sexy!!! I'm about to buy all the colors!	review_date"
"Fits fine. Quality is cheap. I feel like if I tug the wrong way on the halter (the tie part)	 it's going to rip off. The stitching on the edges are a bit frayed. It came to me with the TAG OFF	 but in the ziplock... I hope this wasn't previously used...	review_date"
"Talk about a sexy ensemble!! Bought it for the wife to spice up the night a little bit	 and oh boy did it do its trick. As with most lingerie	 they don't stay on for long	 so I don't like to spend a ton on this stuff	 since you only really view it for a bit at a time. At $8	 this thing is great and looks amazing in the purple color. My wife is Brazilian	 so it complemented her skin nicely. The fit was as expected for us. I bought a large and my wife is a large. As others have noted	 the panties run small	 but wife is Brazilian and her bottom is a little larger than normal	review_date"
"It came right on time and the color is very pretty. I'm about 5'8 	145lbs	 36C bust. It fits great but I probably could've got a small for a tighter fit. The top can stretch a bit around the upper body and part under the bust can stretch a tiny bit but not by much. The panties fit great with room to move around but they can stretch another 2 inches from my waist	 so they do run a tad big. The only support you have is from the straps but you have enough length to work with if you need it. I am pretty satisfied with my purchase	 I just have to wait and see what my bf thinks though. "
"I didn't think I'd like it... but I loved it! It is very pretty! I am a size 4	 34D cup size	 ordered size Md and it is a great fit.	review_date"
"Extremely disappointed. I read such good reviews for this set. They arrived today. The bottoms were WAY to large. And the top was WAY to small. I'm 5'2 and weigh 125 and wear a 34C. I ordered a M. Not only was the fit horrible but there are strings everywhere. The straps for the halter wasn't properly sewn so it's barley hanging on... I regret buying this. My husband got all excited just to have to watch me return it.	review_date"
"I am 5'6	 166 pounds	 and wear a 36DD.  My pant size ranges between 8-10 and I usually wear a large t-shirt. I ordered this item in a size XXL after my experience with buying lingerie online and reading customer reviews.  I know a lot of times they run very	 very small.  This particular item seems to run bigger than I expected.  I definitely could have gotten an XL and it would have been perfect.  The lace is very stretchy so it has some give in the chest area.  However	 the XXL underwear are perfect. They are big enough so that they still look great but are super comfortable. This doesn't give much support for big chested women	 but its better than a lot of lingerie out there.  This is a nice piece.  If you are looking for lingerie that is on the \cute\"" side	 this is it.  It is something I can wear repeatedly and be comfortable in.""	review_date"
"Silky soft to the touch. Sheer	 including on the bust. Stretchy for a good fit. My circumference just under the bust: 31.5 inches. My hips at the underwear line: 39 inches. The medium stretched to fit me but is a bit snug. In the future	 I might like to try ordering a size up and see whether that fits better. It's still comfortable	 though. Looking forward to wearing this	 but I might try to find some more generous coverings for my honeymoon. I'm pear-shaped and bumpy"
"Omg this is so absolutely sexy and romantic and I feel amazing in it. Im 5'6\ 150 34d and the medium looked amazing and flattered my body which is super flabby. The underwear was an added bonus. Perfection.""	review_date"
"Love it! Everything but the panties for perfectly. I have a really petite frame	 and am always prepared to send stuff back. No need for this	 though! It even makes my itty bitty titties look nice!	review_date"
"I normally wear a large across the board in tops and bottoms. I looked at the size chart and read reviews and decided to order an XL (sea foam green). I鈥檓 so glad I sized up because it fit great... except the panties. The panties are more than a g string... barely. They cut into me so bad and are sooo small. I honestly feel like I got an XL babydoll with XS bottoms. I emailed the company on Sept. 29th and was supposed to hear back in a couple days. It鈥檚 Oct. 24th \u0026 I never heard back from them. I ordered another set from the same vendor and the panties fit great on that set. So	 love the babydoll top	 threw the wrong size panties in the trash	 terrible customer service.	review_date"
"Im not in love but i gave it 5 stars because it would look beautiful on someone smaller. Im 5'4\ 187lbs wear a 34 ddd victorias secret bra (saggy)  and am a size 12/14 in jeans. I ordered the xxl and it was just a touch too small. Especially in the chest	 tieing it tight made the girls squished up but it also flattens them out unfortunately but if you have saggy boobs or small ones this will deff give you cleavage if you tie it tight enough. the waist of the panties are tight on me. Also the panties dont have a cotton padding like everyday use panties do so it should only be worn for play or you could get a uti.Overall i love it	 i will most likely wear it but i dont recomend to plus size women.""	review_date"
"I have not pyt it on yet but the quality looks and feels AMAZING. I guess for a Little more money and that how you get good quality..... well that said this 1st time i have bought from this company and so far i am impressed because usually i get large size to fit my huge breast and if it comes with panties they are to big for me but so far these do not seem to be to big will try on later and see how it all works out i am so excited. Package and shipping was all great	 no holes or cuts and arrived in couple of days like promised.	review_date"
"This was awesome and my boyfriend loved it.I have big hips and booty plus I'm a little muscular so I got a L. 170 lbs	review_date"
"My boyfriend said I look sexy af in this! I smile and happy to listen his compliment! It really cute and make you look curvier than you really are! The panties is great and fit too!	review_date"
"So I normally don鈥檛 buy clothing online	 let alone sexy items. I saw all the reviews on this one and decided to give it a shot. I got it in and it did not have any issues with rips or anything. Tried it on and fits wonderfully. I am small chested so there is that	 but what I love is that I have hips and so most items I hate on me for that. This product though since it slits in the middle wraps around me very well and make me look really nice. I have not had a chance to wash yet. So will update when I do. The neck portion is loose / not connected so you tie it around which I didn鈥檛 know before receiving it. I am usually a size L and bought an XL.	review_date"
"I bought this for something sexy for my boyfriend for his birthday. He loved it	 of course it didn't stay on very long *wink wink*. The fabric is way softer than expected. I did order larger than I normally buy but that fit pretty well for me. I would definitely buy from this company again.	review_date"
"I am 5'4	 126 lb	 and a 34D. I ordered a large to be on the safe side and glad I did. The support in the isn't the best but I don't have any boob hangage either. I ordered the dea foam green and the color is beautiful ( even better than whats the picture shows) overall i am very pleased with this product and would order again.	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie! But	 be careful about the size you order. I read through all the reviews and remarks about what size to order. I am 5'7\	 125 lbs	 wear a 38 C bra. I am height/weight proportionate. The size large I ordered according to the size chart was way too small across the bust. I loved the set but could barely manage to get it over my bust. I'm returning for a size XL and hoping it will fit better	 because I really think this is cute and very well made.""	review_date"
"I really like this product 	 I'm atonished how fast it came as well. I am in love with the color	 very bright and pretty. I ordered an XL because I usually wear a XL in shirts due to my boobs . The size fits to size. My breast are huge so the top part was a little to small but having a little clevage out makes it even more sexier. My boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Eh	 the ribbon was made of cheap material so it felt like one of those oversize scratchy ribbons you put on a Christmas present. The fit was okay	 definitely not like the picture. The top did not have a sweetheart neckline	 it was just straight across. The lace was soft though. The stomach part was okay	 I did not like it. My husband liked it but I decided to return it since I did not feel sexy in it. I am a size 14/16	 5'7\	 36DD and ordered a XXL and it fit as expected except for the neckline as I mentioned before.""	review_date"
"Ordered a Medium in black.  Expected delivery from China to IL between 10 - 26 Jan.  Arrived 10 Jan!Packaging was adequate.  Came in a \Ziploc\"" type bag inside the packaging.  No damage done.I'm 5'3\""	 around 130#	 and a 34 A (sometimes B) bra.  The M is perfect size!Put it in two garment bags for cushion and washed in on a delicate cold wash cycle with some sheets.  Washed up nicely!""	review_date"
"I got a large based on other reviews. Normally in shirts I wear a medium  but I am so glad I ordered up a size. I am 5' 7\	 140 lbs	 32 G bra size. This is perfect. Way more support than any other lingerie I've ordered online. I got white and it is gorgeous. Mine came in perfect condition and looks amazing. I will be ordering more! The price is unbeatable. I know this will be my boyfriend's favorite birthday present!!! Note"
"THis is really super cute and I love the top part. However	 I'm a petite size 6 and wear a medium in pretty much everything	 but I ordered the large because I didn't want any muffin top or lumps or bulges	 I wanted a smooth figure. However	 while the top was beautiful and fit perfectly	 the panties might as well have been a small or extra small. It wasn't proportional. I kind of wonder if they put the wrong panties in with the package.	review_date"
"I ordered four different styles and colors of Avid Love lingerie as a Christmas surprise for my boyfriend	 and I'm severely disappointed. Upon opening each item	 every single one had a strong odor similar to plastic or chemicals	 which could be dangerous to wear around my genitals. I decided to hand wash each piece in cold water to be safe and lay them to dry over my bath tub	 taking extra care to follow the washing instructions. The panties of two of those items left dye stains on my white tub that I cannot get out	 which will affect my ability to retrieve my $200 security deposit at the end of my lease. Now $40 worth of cheap lingerie has cost me hundreds of dollars. Not worth it at all and I'm pissed. I'll be leaving this same review on all four items so people know.	review_date"
"Love this set! Sexy	 sweet	 \u0026 very pretty! Accurately depicted as shown. I've fallen in love with Avidlove lingerie!! Their free returns make it convenient to purchase items and try them on to see if you like the fit and style on your particular body. ((Don't forget to please keep your underwear on while trying on	 for sanitary reasons.)) I'm 5'2\ \u0026 120 lbs. and the size Small fit me nicely.""	review_date"
"This is such a great piece of lingerie. I ordered it for Valentine's Day. It's sexy and reveals just enough	 while still being comfortable for me. I'm sure my boyfriend will love it!  I ordered the Rose Red color to keep with the theme of the holiday.  The color is accurate online	 a nice pretty vibrant pink.  I'm not usually a pink person but I like this  color and it's flattering against my skin.  For reference	 I'm 5'4\	 140lbs	 34DD.  I ordered a medium. The top fits great	 and I like how the halter ties around my neck and feels like it offers a little bit of support. I didn't have any issues with  my breast being too big or not fitting properly in the top. The girls looked nice and sexy. The tanga panty is a nice change from the standard g-string that most lingerie sets come with.  It fit me OK. It felt a bit snug on the top/waistband and gave me a small muffin top	 but I have a little more fat in the belly/hips area.  I haven't decided if I'll use the tanga panty or a g-string that I already have in a similar color but either way I'm excited to get to wear this""	review_date"
"This looked super cute in the product image	 but when I bought it and put it on myself	 there was just way too much fabric. It wound up looking really matronly	 and the panels in the front kept getting in the way. It felt like I was wearing the equivalent of a lingere burqa. I wasn't a fan.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and super comfortable. My fianc茅 loved when I wore it. I bought a medium. I'm 5'2 and 136 lbs and a B cup. Underwear were sexy as well. Highly recommend this purchase.	review_date"
"After reading  all the reviews I decided to go ahead and make the purchase.  I am 5 ' 4 and 140 pounds D cup a Med fit me perfect  in the bottoms and the Top was just a little snug. I'm happy with it and I feel it looks nice on.	review_date"
"This fits so well it's like it was custom made for me. I am large breasted and most lingerie either doesn't give the girls any support or stuff is just way too right and I and up with muffin topped breasts. This fits so well and is very comfortable. The elasticity in the breast area mold to your body. Just tie the ribbon behind your neck a little tighter foe a little extra lift. The underwear fits amazing as well. Makes one feel super sexy whem wearing this!	review_date"
"I received this as a gift from my husband for our wedding anniversary. The fabric is ridiculously soft and seems to be good quality. The lace was nice	 soft	 and also good quality. I am 5'7\ and 200 lbs with a D cup chest and that XXL for very comfortably. Extremely satisfied	 especially considering the price.""	review_date"
"The small fits as described	 it looks and feels good	 would buy again.	review_date"
"This is really a great product	 however there are a few things that you need to be aware of. There  is a very very strong odor	 like mildew maybe? I hand washed it in cool /cold water and the color bled a lot! I rinsed it several times and draped it over a hanger to air dry. The color is still deep and vibrant	 the material is lovely and held up beautifully but the odor is still present. It is no longer ss strong and may go away after another washing. This is the only reason for the 3 stars. It fits great. I usually wear a 2/4	 I'm almost 5'4\ \u0026 weigh about 126lbs. My bra size is a 32/34A.""	review_date"
"I love this lingerie but wished I had ordered it in a small. I am 5'8\ 135 lbs and wear a 36D bra. I usually wear a small but chose to order a medium based off of other reviews and because I do have larger breast for my size.  I can wear it but a small would have been just right and provided more support for my breast. It's very stretchy in the top so I personally wouldn't recommend ordering a size up. I am reordering another set in a different color because I do like it so much.""	review_date"
"I bought this to wear when I was pregnant. It was very flattering	 and still covered my belly enough for my liking. I liked that the neck tie could be tightened to lift my girls up a bit. For what it costs	 it's great. I used it once	 I think. But it was nice to feel sexy for a little bit when I was like 6 or 7 months pregnant.	review_date"
"It fits well but the shoulder straps are uncomfy the tighter you tie it. The lace stretches out so it's form fitting and the material doesn't as cheap...but it sure doesn't look classy either. If you're on a budget	 definitely get it. But if you can get something better that you want to wear multiple times without it getting destroyed	 get that instead. Wash by hand to avoid any damage as it is sensitive. A large fit fine for me. My bust is 36C/Height 5'4''/Waist 7 in jeans (I haven't measured my hips lately but hopefully this helps).	review_date"
"Received it in the mail today and I must say I absolutely love it. I'm 5'9 187 pounds and the large fit me perfectly. I do feel that the material may shrink after washing	 so I would recommend going a size up if you plan to wear this multiple times (I don't lol) I gave it 4 stars because the material is a little cheap (Although it's very pretty) but you get what you pay for. It's definitely a good buy 馃憣馃従	review_date"
"Pretty	 but very	 very cheap materials. Falls apart easily. Hadn't even worn it and had to sew pieces back on	 which was kind of a waste because it's too small anyway. I'm sorry	 let me correct that"
"SO SO CUTE \u0026 SEXY. Looks exactly like the picture	 and even has a little bit of a stretch to it around the waist area. It's fully lace	 and the straps are a silky material -- even comes with the undies. I can't wait to wear this on my honeymoon!	review_date"
"The mesh felt sturdy and fit comfortably. The lace has a nice silky feeling to it. My measurements are 33 bust	 28 waist	 36 hips	 and I鈥檓 5'5 and 130 lbs and the medium fit me perfectly. The material is fairly stretchy so I would imagine that if you were about an inch smaller or a couple inches bigger in the bust area the medium will fit you. Normally cheap products that I purchase have an awkward fit where it鈥檚 floating in the bust area but way too tight on the waist but this was absolutely perfect. The only issue I have is that the panties don鈥檛 have the little extra material in the bottom area but its not an itchy material so it鈥檚 not bad.	review_date"
"Cute design	 husband loved it and thought it was sexy. I am a 36DDD	 size L in panties. Got the XXL hoping it would fit my large bust. It did but the empire waist was too big around which offered no support	 and panties were obviously too big. But concidering my shape thags is what I expected to happen. A sash or ribon to tie around the waist would be helpful for support	 something I鈥檓 going to add myself so it fits better. Fabric is pretty cheap	 but what you would expect for the price. Figured I wouldn鈥檛 be wearing it long so didn鈥檛 need somehinv super high quality	 lol. Got this before I was showing	 but I think it will look good throughout my pregnancy.	review_date"
"This is kind of difficult to put on-there鈥檚 no front/back/side closure	 just a bandeau style top	 so have to put it on over your head. The bandeau traps the tummy cover	 so putting it on was a little bit of a task. The underwear are small-so if you鈥檙e bigger in the bottom	 I would recommend a size up or just wearing your own white bottoms. I鈥檓 a 34A and a med/large bottom	 so this fit was a little odd. Hubby still loves it	 and the fabric is very soft	 as is the lace top.	review_date"
"Should have ordered a Large because the Medium is ALMOST too small on me. I'm 5'7\ and 145lbs witch size C cup chest. It's nice and flowy around the belly	 but the neck straps pull on me and the bust is somewhat small. Large would have fit my bust better.""	review_date"
"This is the sexiest piece of lingerie I own. My husband loved it as well! I am 5'5 100 lbs and I was afraid the nightwear would be too big but I love the way it fits. I highly recommend it!	review_date"
"Its super cute! I'm 5'3	 ~155lb. I wear a medium top and a size 8 bottom. I ordered a large from the reviews. It bottom fits perfect but I think the top is a bit small. If I could	 I would of ordered a large bottom and an x-large top. That being said	 it tops still fits	 and it is comfortable	 I just think it \smush\"" my boobs a bit.""	review_date"
"Very bright color and super comfortable material.  Don't expect to wear for hours if you need a lot of support up top	 but it definitely serves its purpose.	review_date"
"Decent/cute for the price! For reference	 I am 5鈥?鈥? 115lbs	 wear usually around a 32B/C - I got a size small and it鈥檚 fits pretty well. Could likely fit larger 鈥済als鈥?with ease as the top is semi-elastic it seems. I don鈥檛 get too good of cleavage/support but it鈥檚 alright. I also got the red	 which is more of a bright red	 not a darker.	review_date"
"34DDD and LOVE THIS! I have the hardest time finding lingerie to fit my boobs. I bought a large based off of other reviews and it is perfect! It doesn't give a lot of support	 but the lace is stretchy enough to keep your girls where they belong. It's super sexy and comfortable! I love that the opening in the front is just enough to tease without fully exposing your stomach	 too. Will be buying more AvidLove lingerie!	review_date"
"I usually avoid baby doll nighties cause they don鈥檛 make them big enough for my bobs or tight enough for my chest. BUT FINALLY! If you have a small waist but big bust	 this is perfect. I wear a 32DDD and this fits PERFECTLY. Sexy and comfy. It lifts my boobs and fits great around my chest. The top part is see through and extra hott. Heck I could probably sleep in this if I wanted. It doesn鈥檛 come with matching undies but for the price and quality	 that really doesn鈥檛 matter.	review_date"
"Love this set! Bought (in blue) as a Valentine's Day gift for my fiance and usually have a hard time finding something that fits and looks well. I'm petite with DD breast and ordered a large. Panties are a bit big but top fits perfectly and I actually feel attractive in it. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Top and bottom both fit comfortably. I'm curvy (hips and E breasts \u0026 short 4'11\). I ordered a large and it fit prefect. Undies we're comfortable	 soft	 and stretchy. Top was not underwire but has two ribbon straps to tie up and the back of the neck for some support. I wasn't a fan of the top but loved the underwear""	review_date"
"Shipped much earlier than what was posted	 which was nice. I ordered a small	 as I'm short and petite	 and I was worried it would be too big on me but it fit perfect! Women's clothes are usually too big on me	 but this came just below my hips. The panties are loose on me but they still fit okay. Both pieces have beautiful lace work and are really comfortable	 offering a slight stretch.	review_date"
"So disappointed	 only because it doesn't fit right. The material is super soft and well made"
"super cute and sexy	 I usually easily wear a large and even sometimes a medium	 bought this in a large and the underwear is a smidge small.	review_date"
"I read the reviews before purchasing and bought it in a larger size than I normally wear. I love the color. It is dark and compliments my light skin tone. The material is good and should last if you wash it by hand or on the delicate cycle and hang to dry. I had a baby 14 months ago and my tummy is not as flat as it was before my pregnancy. This outfit made me feel beautiful	 and was flattering. I would recommend this.	review_date"
"Just got my item today and the strap on one side is only hanging on by a couple threads. It won't even hold up anything on the one side. I want to return this item but need it for my anniversary tomorrow so returning isn't an option. I guess I'll just have to figure out how to get the strap to stay. Really disappointed.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and makes me feel super sexy.  I am 5'4\ and around 125lbs and the small fits me perfect""	review_date"
"This was very poorly made. I bought it for my honeymoon and the ribbons and bows are all frayed. Makes it look super cheap. Disappointed	review_date"
"The lingerie itself looks amazing on me. I prewashed it. Wore it for my boyfriend at his house who has white sheets. I had to strip his bed this morning from where it bled onto the sheets	 which is embarrassing having to tell him. Hopefully after 2nd wash it won鈥檛 do that again. Probably won鈥檛 wear it anymore if so.	review_date"
"I love this cute little piece of lingerie. The one I ordered is see through in the bust area	 which I didn鈥檛 expect	 but it鈥檚 still very sexy! It fit perfectly	 and offers great support for my 36D chest. The underwear that come with it are very sexy	 and the outfit as a whole is extremely flattering. I love it!	review_date"
"Love everything almost everything about this babydoll set. The softness	 fit	 sexiness and the rose red color are all beautiful. The only thing I wish is that the panties had a cotton liner. It won't deter me from enjoying to wear it	 just saying that's how most panties should have hence one less star.	review_date"
"I love that this would fit almost any chest size. The lace that goes around the chest is very stretchy	 so it works for small or larger chests and still fits cute and sexy. The panties are very soft	 cute and comfortable	 not like the usual G string that comes with these sets. My husband LOVED it!	review_date"
"Bottoms were too big but the top piece was slightly too small around the chest. Had to return it since I couldn't find a happy medium between the two pieces :( it's a shame because I really loved the set so much!	review_date"
"Fits me so well! I wear a 14/16 (42C) \u0026 the XXL was the perfect fit. I always have trouble finding lingerie because I'm insecure about my breasts	 but this babyboll does really well in securing the girls. The underwear fit well too. Fabric was thin but sturdy (watch out if you have nails!) and the lace is really soft! All and all	 I enjoyed it and I know my boyfriend did too	 lol. 馃槒	review_date"
"Love love! It fit perfectly. As a smaller gal	 I have so much trouble finding lingerie that fits me. Panties were a bit large	 though.	review_date"
"Absolutely adorable! The only downside is that my DD's cause the XL size to roll down after a little while when I've been wearing it. But if you're just looking for something cute to welcome your SO home	 this is a great set. Panties are unlined	 and match the top	 but again	 I'd recommend them for the period right before you show off! The top is my favorite part of this set	 I just wish it had a touch more support.	review_date"
"Love love love this babydoll. I ordered per the size chart and it fit perfectly. I am a dd cup and the xl fit. Because of the halter style	 there is some support and the style is beyond sexy.	review_date"
"Love it@ Very nicely made actually and arrived faster than I thought. For reference	 I am 5'4 112 lbs and 34B and I got a small.	review_date"
"This was very comfortable and the tie neck made it a good fit for me with my short shoulders. Husband loves that it opened in the front instead of the back and I love the bows and ruffles! The material is very soft and comfortable and i love that the company offers a wide size range to accommodate every body that wants to feel sexy!	review_date"
"Good material and true to color. The top fits me well but the bottoms are too big	 but I can make it work. I normally have problems with the bottom being too small on me so I was quite surprised. I ordered a medium and am 5'4 and 128lbs. Measurements are 35\ 27\"" 38\""""	review_date"
"May purchase another one.  Good quality for the price.  This would have cost $50 if purchased from Victorias Secret.  I feel like I got a deal!!  Very cute and sexy.	review_date"
"The picture is misleading. You would think it comes with some sort of support for your boobs	 but it doesn鈥檛	 so if you don鈥檛 have perfectly perky breasts	 it wont look like this	 or how I was hoping anyway. The material is shear ish and cute	 but I wouldn鈥檛 buy this again with no support.	review_date"
"Extremely cute	 but runs small \u0026 is a cheap quality"
"I am 5'4 and 140lbs	 I wear S/M in tops and 7/8 in bottoms.  I ordered this in size Medium and it fit perfectly. It looks just like it was shown.......very pretty	 delicate and soft.	review_date"
"It fits a little smaller than expected on the bottom	 but the top fits fine. It would be nice if you could pick the sizes of each rather than being forced to pick one size for both. Its cute and sexy but I had to throw out the bottom and bought something from Macys from Maidenform.	review_date"
"I have exactly the model's body. the breasts didn't look like in the picture because there is no push up..unless you have silicone implants it may look like in the picture	review_date"
"Very soft material. There isn't much stretch so size up if you're in between. I'm a little under 5'4 and about 125 lbs and I bought a small. The top fits well	 bottoms hug my hips a bit so I pulled the side up more towards my waist instead of wearing them full circle around my hips.	review_date"
"Gorgeous fit	 definitely flattering. However I wore it once and about 5 minutes of just being in it walking around the satin halter piece broke off of the right side.	review_date"
"I purchased this because the previous reviews gave it such high ratings. Well it did not dissappoint. The fabric is soft and flattering! I am 7 months pregnant and was  looking for something cute which is hard when your so large. This fit perfect and made me feel sexy even as huge as I am. I ordered a large and it fit perfect. Currently 188lbs and am 5鈥? with pregnancy boobs. I will probably order more in additional colors!	review_date"
"I wasn't expecting anything this nice for the price	 so I was very pleasantly surprised.  I ordered up a size after reading the reviews	 because I am very large busted	 and found it a little large - - so therefore very comfortable.  The fabric is very soft and silky and pleasant to the touch.  I'm trying it out on my fella this weekend	 and am certain he'll enjoy it just as much as I.	review_date"
"This would be cuter if it had some kind of support or padding. There's nothing. The picture is misleading. I thought it had some padding	 but no way sister. You're just hanging out in there. Nothing else. It's superrrr cute	 but I'm going to put a strapless bra underneath it to hold it all together.	review_date"
"This product is comfortable	 soft	 and very flattering. I am not the smallest of people and have my fair share of problem areas	 however this piece hid those areas and helped to accentuate my curvy figure. This product fit my 36D chest perfectly (XL) and the panties were a perfect fit as well. Overall I am very happy about this purchase and would recommend anyone buy this outfit. This piece helps the shy and uncomfortable in their skin to get out of their shell and feel good about their bodies.	review_date"
"Normally when I purchase these items on Amazon	 I know that if I order a 2XL it will fit like a large.  I ordered a 2XL	 and it tried to fit like a small.  The color was beautiful - the material was beautiful - but the sizing	 not so much!	review_date"
"I bought this for a night with me and my boyfriend. He loved the color on me as well as the feel of the material. It made me feel sexy for our second time. The silk tie as well as the bow made the whole outfit look sleek and sexy.	review_date"
I love this piece of lingerie. It's so pretty on. The ruffly-ness on the midsection is flattering for not so flat bellies 
"Would just like to point out that the woman in the photo has a bra on. So if you wear no bra then obviously your boobs will not be as perky as the picture. That being said	 even though this product did fit	 it didn鈥檛 fit the same was as the picture. However	 my husband went so nuts for this that I bought another in a different color!	review_date"
"Eh...it's okay. Too loose though. Also very short... I'm about 5'6\	 so not ridiculously tall or anything	 and it goes about down to my hips...a lot shorter than what's shown in the picture. More like a shirt	 really...""	review_date"
"I love this outfit! I like how it flares open and we'll fit many sizes. It is very flattering and the material is soft against your skin.	review_date"
"Very pretty I got this when I could not get my polka dots out fit I wanted in plus sized and still can't.  This is very pretty	review_date"
"I order ordered a small but received a medium. It鈥檚 cute but not worth the hassle	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and I weigh about 175	 I ordered the large and it fits so perfectly. I was scared ordering because I have larger boobs (32dd) but it's beautiful. I love it a lot. And so will my husband 馃槒	review_date"
"This arrived on time and was exactly what I was hoping for! I got the darker purple which is a really nice deep plum color. It has good stretch and is suuuper pretty and sexy and extremely flattering. I get very self conscious about my stomach but the way the fabric drapes makes me look tiny! I can't wait to wear it for Valentine's Day I just know my boyfriend is going to love it! Also a lot of lingerie comes with matching panties that are just cheap awful thongs but this comes with a really cute lacy number that doesn't feel scratchy or like it'll just apart like most. I usually just throw away the bottoms with these things but I plan to actually use these. Super pleased.	review_date"
"I love this! I read the reviews and they said the sizing runs a little small	 so I ordered one size up from my normal size and it fits perfect! The lace isn't itchy and it's stretchy	 so it fits your curves! The see through like on the bust looks amazing on! I love this!	review_date"
"I'm 185 lbs and 5'7\ and I ordered the xxlarge red and it fits very well. I normally wear size xlarge	 but people were saying that it runs a little small	 so I wanted to be sure. The underwear was a little tighter than I normally wear but it still felt like it fit well. I was surprised to find that the bust area was completely see through	 even though the pictures make it look more solid colored. I should have figured it would be though. I still really like it overall.""	review_date"
"This is just okay. I loved it at first	 but once it was washed it seemed to shrink a size. Also	 after one wear	 the straps were coming off. I will sew them back on if I have time	 but just wasn't want I hoped.	review_date"
"I mean	 it looks wonderful on my wife. I mean	 anything looks wodmeful on her. I love her. I'm probably not the best judge for this	 I'm sorry.	review_date"
Flattering (I鈥檓 32b-24-35 at 5鈥?鈥? and is one of my boyfriend鈥檚 favorite 鈥減ajamas鈥?I own 
"I love this!!!! The purple color is bright and beautiful and decent quality. I am about 175 lb. and ordered the XL. Perfect fit and quickly delivered!! Very pleased with this purchase all around. Ive noticed that this company seems to care about their reputation.	review_date"
"Bummer	 I tried it on and the halter piece on the top was torn off! Clearly made pretty cheaply. I got a quick return. It's a bummer because it's a really pretty item and I would've liked it otherwise!	review_date"
"I LOVE this lingerie set. The fabric is comfortable and soft with a little bit of stretch. I am pear shaped	 so I was a little worried that I would only be able to fit into the top portion of the set considering my bottom half is larger than the top half. Everything fit perfectly though in the end. I would say that if you have a large chest (anything bigger than a C or D cup)	 consider sizing up so your \girls\"" will fit. I own another piece of lingerie from this brand and am definitely thinking of buying from them again in the future because I have really liked everything I have tried from them.""	review_date"
"I bought this 2 sizes bigger as recommended by others on here. I normally wear a medium but order this in an XL. Pretty happy with my purchase. It was cute and inexpensive. Not the greatest quality so I'll be extra careful when washing but for the price it was a good deal.	review_date"
"very beautiful! i ordered a medium but fits like a small.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?tall and have a 34DD bust	 with a tiny frame but curvy. I went with the large and it fits great. The bust is stretchy so it does give a little support. Very sexy for my honeymoon! I am happy it fits!!! Will have fun in this little item...	review_date"
"Super sexy Valentine's Day gift for my husband! I put the panties in a little gift bag and placed it in his car so he would be thinking about me all day at work. He unwrapped the rest later that evening 馃槒	review_date"
"I loved the way the top fitted. Wasn鈥檛 uncomfortable st all and it fit just right. I ordered a medium and my bra size is a 32 DD in Victoria secret sizes and am 140 lbs and 5鈥?鈥? I usually wear size 4 in pants but the set of bottoms that came with it were a little too snug for me. But still looks very cute!	review_date"
"Super cute and fits according to sizing chart. I'm 5' 4\	 120 lbs	 and 34 b and ordered medium and looks great. The ribbon used for straps and bow  is coming apart a bit when pulled out of package though but hopefully will hold up and not deteriorate further...good for the price though""	review_date"
"Fits well.  Only flaw is the seam on the panties is right where the crotch is... hate it when panties do that- definitely designed by a man.  They give you major camel toe even if you have them pulled way down.  And they are semi loose on me.	review_date"
"This lingerie outfit is very comfortable. There is no pushup or underwire in the chest but it still looks great!	review_date"
"Absolutely amazing!! I love this!! I鈥檓 4鈥? and 145lb	 I bought a large. I have a huge butt but I鈥檓 not very heavy on top. The undies covered perfectly and the way the top is designed I don鈥檛 feel self conscious about going braless it looks good. I feel amazing in it!	review_date"
"I am 5ft2 at 160# with a 34D and I got a medium and wished I went up a size. It fits but it is a little small in my chest. L ok ve the fact that the parties aren't just a piece of cheap string	 they're actually pretty sexy lace panties at a descent quality. This probably won't be my go to lingerie though.	review_date"
"This was very pretty. I liked the purple. But	 what I look for most in lingerie is that it pleases the man for whom I wear it (my husband). He was definitely pleased. :)	review_date"
"eh	 wasn't too thrilled about this piece. if you have big boobs	 the top has absolutely no support and made me look flat chested. :(I do like the underwear and would wear that regularly!	review_date"
"Bought the 鈥済reen鈥?color bf loved it and I felt very comfortable in it. The lace is incredibly soft and very figure flattering. I am small chested so the top was no problem for me but I don鈥檛 know if naturally busty women will get any support from this alone	review_date"
"Everything about it is fine	 it fit just fine	 price was fine	 material was ok	 it was comfortable I guess	 I think I only washed it three times (because I wore it three times) and it completely fell apart. The top part I mean. The straps came off	 the lace part ripped... yea. It's not terrible	 I was probably supposed to hand wash it	 idk	 I bought it last year. But anyway	 if you want it to last a while	 either look for something else	 or hand wash religiously.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfect! I鈥檓 very sm and Small fits great! I鈥檓 5 ft tall and weigh 90lbs	review_date"
gift for bachelorette party
"Underwear has one middle seam so it just solids you in half and is uncomfortable. I love the top.  Only part I don't like is the color difference. The mint of the satin bow and halter tie don't match like the picture shows but it's not awful.	review_date"
"This is so cute! I'm 5'4.5\ at 147 lbs and 34DDD and the Large fit perfect. The top is supportive enough to give shape and a small bit of support which for the bedroom is really all I needed. My fiance loves the color (I got the royal blue) and the underwear is super cute as well. I don't know how well the mesh top will hold up over time but for $16 I'm not complaining. It was a perfect flirty surprise 鈾ワ笍""	review_date"
"It came damaged.  One of the ribbons was barely holding on.  I am and was so disappointed.  It's flimsy and didn't cost a fortune but for the cost they could at least made sure they sewed it together properly	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ and ~150 pounds	 bust size 36D	 and the large size fits me like a glove! (It's snug around the chest though	 so if you're any heavier or bustier than me you should probably go with XL). It's obviously not made of any fancy material and I had to trim some loose threads	 but dang is it cute and the price cannot be beat. Definitely recommend!""	review_date"
"I really liked the bottoms. They felt super soft and comfy. I love how the top fit me as well. I'm pretty big up top and was worried I wouldnt fit in the xxl but it fit perfectly and held me up. Love halter and love how i can tighten the top as tight as i want. I wanted a top that would hold me up and look sexy and this was it. Would recommend. Perfect for the price for sure. Make sure to hand wash separately.	review_date"
"The color is beautiful and the design is too cute. Both pieces do run a tiny bit on the small side. I'm 5'4 120 lbs and. 32 B. I ordered a small but if ordering again I would probably order the medium	review_date"
"Glad I ordered up a size- I'm 5'7\ 145lbs and got a large	 it fits really well! The seam straight down the crotch isn't very pleasant	 but usually panties don't stay on for long when wearing something like this.""	review_date"
"I seen this online and liked it. I received it in the mail	 tried it on and fell completely in love! Being a bigger girl	 I am a bit self conscious but this is very flattering. The material is great and it is so much better than I ever expected.	review_date"
"5'5\	 135 lb	 34C - the medium fits perfectly! Good quality for price	 I like that the underwear is prettier than the ugly/itchy g-strings that tend to come in sets like this. Hubby loves the ribbon halter tie.""	review_date"
"Amazing. Ran a bit smaller on my chest than i had planned	 but it fits well elsewhere. I got a large (im a 34d) and would recommend going one or two sizes up. Because it was smaller the top isn't heart line	 it's more straight across. Still looks good regardless.	review_date"
"Im 140 lbs and a medium was really tight	 doesn't help im five months pregnant either	 so after my postpartum it might fit more Comfortable to me. The fabric was comfortable just tight on me. The panties are sexy and cute. I should of ordered a large. But overall good price and quality. I would order a size or to up.	review_date"
Very sexy and fit very well fellas I recomend ordering something like this for your spouse if you want her to feel sexy didn't have any issues with this product and would order more in every color 
"My roommate bought one of these and showed it to me and I absolutely loved it so I went and bought my own lol it's probably one of my favorites especially since it's so comfortable to wear too. I'm about 5'6\ \u0026 120 lbs and the small is perfect""	review_date"
"Good quality stitching	 doesn't itch and reasonably priced. Blue is a little darker than pictured. If you're trying to hide your tummy think twice or size up.	review_date"
"Im usually a medium but ordered a xl.. fit perfect.. however one of the strap came with the threads out. I would have to sweet back together	review_date"
"Gifted this little number and he loves it.I bought a bunch of lingerie for a cross-dressing friend of mine and he absolutely loves this one	review_date"
"It is very hard to find lingerie that fits larger cup sizes. This is as cute as it is in the picture. The fit and color are super flattering. For once I received a piece of lingerie that I actually feel sexy and confident wearing.	review_date"
"Never even worn so much as a thong before. I smuggled this into my bf's house the day before Valentine's Day so I could surprise him when I got out of the bathroom on v day	 and he absolutely loved it. I'm pretty insecure about my body	 but this made me feel really sexy.I got a large size	 and the top part fit pretty well- my bra size is a 40D	 so that's good. I have a pretty big butt	 too	 though	 and the thong was giving me a major wedgie.Still a good purchase. Can't wait to put it back on for him.	review_date"
"This is not my 1st time ordering . When I do I get more then 1 set. Quality item .  The fit is perfect I鈥檓 a 10 and wear a M fits great . Love the look	review_date"
"I bought this lingerie to surprise my husband around valentine's day	 I believe. Out of all the lingerie I own	 this is definitely my favorite. It's nice and comfortable and makes me feel sexy and exciting. My husband also loves to see me in it. Very nicely made	 good quality!	review_date"
"Really cute and comfortable. I love the panties that came with it	 they are equivalent to some panties I've got for $5 at Victoria Secret. I am probably going to buy a second one in a different color.Size references	 I got XXL and am 5' 5\ 215lbs 40DD	 fits perfectly.""	review_date"
Beautiful
"GREAT PRODUCT! Absolutely love it	review_date"
"I went up several sizes based on reviews and the top still didnt fit. It felt cheaply made and like it would rip if it had to hold my breasts up. I wear a 38DD and a size med-large and the XL was still too small.	review_date"
"I look so amazing in this. I feel very confident. Only downfall is the the panties seem to be falling apart already.	review_date"
"Super cute but unfortunately it arrived with one strap nearly ripped off. I鈥檓 going to see it myself since it fits great and the color is beautiful.	review_date"
"Beautiful red color with a feminine feel when you wanna go outside a color beyond basic black. Size was good - I ordered a medium and I am a 36D bra size 5'6\ 140. Fit true to size""	review_date"
Not bad
"It just wasn't my style.  I felt like rather than hiding my insecuritues	 it highlighted them.  It still was nice and the panties were sexy.  Just not for me.	review_date"
"The elastic around the bust is very stretchy	 so it fits exactly as you'd expect it to! I'm 5'2\-5'3\"" and about 140lbs and I got the medium and it's perfect. The top is so flattering	 but I don't love the underwear that comes with it	 but that's just a personal note. The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that one of the straps on the top came undone upon arrival. It was just about 4-5 stitches worth so I can fix that easily with a needle and thread	 but it was a little disappointing.""	review_date"
"cheap quality.Missed return Policy by a few days so i am stuck with it.	review_date"
"Really cute but I ordered two sizes bigger than my regular size and it was still too small. I wear an 8/10 or Medium in US	 and still should have  ordered the XXL. But the material and lace is really nice. It's soft	 not crunchy like many of the intimate imports.	review_date"
"Very pretty set. I got a Large and it fit just a little smaller than expected. It did fit just on the tighter side. I'm normally a size 10.	review_date"
"This is really cute! I'm a 32DDD and I got a large in the black color- it's comfy	 soft	 and not tight. The ribbon pulls it up ( of course it's not super lifting)	 but it looks great all the same~	review_date"
"no support fits fine but bra part goes straight across	 no curve	 panties too small uncomfortable.	review_date"
"The colour was nice and bright	 i liked it. it was not as snug as i would have liked but the underwear fits just fine and it is sexy. i would recommend hand washing it by itself as the colour bleeds onto other clothes.	review_date"
"Nice material and fit pretty well.  I'm a little large on top so it could have had more support.  But still in all nice product	review_date"
"I love this looks just like pictured but I had to size up I am normally a small at VS and the medium fit me perfectly. It smelled slightly like plastic when it first came out of the package but it鈥檚 now a day later and doesn鈥檛 smell at all so plan time to let it air before your first wear.	review_date"
"The strap broke off just putting this on	 very cheaply made.	review_date"
"The product was soft and comfortable	 and the top fit very well. However	 the panties were disproportionately small. I ordered an XL	 and the panties fit like a medium-large. I will be returning it.	review_date"
"Very pretty. But one of the straps wasnt sewed all the way. And there was a bunch of leftover thread hanging off the bow.	review_date"
"Wow this lingerie piece is so pretty and sexy .. hubby Loved it :) he went back and actually purchased a red one lol	review_date"
"This nightie is really cute	 I love it. The fit	 the color	 the quality	 all good.	review_date"
"High quality worth the price and hubby loves it!  Rips easily... Oh wait	 let me explain	 it was so sexy that he ripped it off of me!  Buy it!!!!!!!	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and was worried that it would be too big. Nope	 I look amazing and it fits perfectly. It's soft and underwear isn't cheap.	review_date"
"I just received mine today an it looks as pictured. The shipping was super fast which is always nice. My only thing about this is maybe just the the lace. I'm big chested an this has no breast support what so ever. Definitely would be comfortable to sleep in. If not I'd suggest maybe a strapless bra. Other then that I love it!	review_date"
"Great way to impress you鈥檙e men in bed my men loved this new lingerie. It fits perfect and very comfortable.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful and sexy set	 its one of my favorites that I own! My husband seems to like it too.	review_date"
"I usually buy large in tops generally.... just so it will fit comfortably but i got a medium in this	  especially since I'm very small chested. However I have a soft belly which is why I wanted this type of top.  It fits great	  I loved the flow of the top too. My very small chest fit pretty snug also.  I love the halter ribbon on this.  Beautiful.	review_date"
"Nice color. Fabric and ribbon component don鈥檛 quite come together firmly. Is pretty	 but seems flimsy. Flowy design from the center out to the sides seems too open鈥攎akes me look pregnant. I am not	 nor am i heavy set.	review_date"
"Way too small	 even though I based it on the size I wear at Victorias Secret	 and cheaply made.  Gave it away rather than going thru the hassle of replacing and returning	review_date"
"Not worth it. The material is poor and the description fail to say (the gown) is over the head. Also	 it runs small. I got a M	 since I have a small cleavage	 it fits very tight and uncomfortable. The panty are also too small.	review_date"
"Ordered a size up based on the reviews (I'm 38DD 180lbs) fit perfectly and is soooo cute! Might get it in other colors	review_date"
"Panties are the best part! But the top is amazing too. Fits great and material is soft.To all the other reviewers complaining about loose strings- there are these things called scissors! Just snip the strings off (and there are a couple of strings hanging off	 nothing scissors can鈥檛 fix).	review_date"
"Very soft and fits very well. Tight enough to hold up the girls. I am 3 months pp and breastfeeding so feeling sexy right now can be challenging but I definitely felt more confident in this.	review_date"
"ABSOLUTE GARBAGE. This was SOOOOO small	 the edges were frayed	 and there were runs in the fabric at arrival.	review_date"
"The pros were that I liked the color and it shipped quickly. It was way too small so don't go by the size chart. I actually went up a size from the chart and still was too small. I'm 5'8	 size 16 and 42C bra and I got the 2xl....thongs could not even be worn because they were too small and the chemise was not able to cover my cleavage or rest of my body. Very disappointing.	review_date"
"This product is not flattering like it is in the picture. I am disappointed in the quality and fit.	review_date"
"I was weary about ordering lingerie off amazon at first without being able to see it in person like you would at a department store. But it came in a cute little package. And when I put it on it fit like I hoped it would. I went with the Large just to be one the safe side. I wear a medium panty and a bra size 38C. And it fit well. I would recommend this product to anyone looking for a classy yet sexy lingerie set! I got dark red and the color is gorgeous!	review_date"
"Good for price - sizing is ok	 material is ok but bow sewn off to the side and straps not in the right place... could use a little more care in manufacture and would be alot better	review_date"
"I got for my wife she love it.  the only thing was the underwear had a little bit tear on the side.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! It is comfortable and looks great! I bought it in a small as i was a size 2 but even now as a probably closer to a 6 postpartum it still fits good.	review_date"
"I bought it for my girlfriend...she hasn't seen it yet but very low quality that's for sure! more over it has couple of little stains on it	 has loose seams all over it... l am aware of what you get what you pay deal...but it should not be more than $5 ...Buy it if you want to tear up it as a fantasy go head ..! My baby deserves better than this !	review_date"
"Love this! Wore it on my wedding night and it fit well! I鈥檓 a 36D bust	 curvy physique	 weigh around 190. Hubby loved it and I felt sexy.	review_date"
"I order this brand all the time . Love it. This one does run small. I'm 5'6 128. Fits very tight. 34d. If u have smaller boobies small will work great for u.	review_date"
"One strap is barely hanging by a thread	 came from the box like that. Very unsatisfied	review_date"
"Bought this as a \present\"" for my husband. The fit is great	 very sexy	 and surprisingly comfortable!""	review_date"
"By far my favorite amazon lingerie.  I am going to get one in every color.  Hubby LOVED it.  I got a large and I'm 5'8 170 pounds.  It fit perfect.  The underwear are cute too!!!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute	 I just wish the bra section was split rather than being used as a uni-bra/sports bra	review_date"
"My man loves seeing me in it	review_date"
"Material is like a Halloween costume. Too small.Would expect to see something like this at the dollar store.	review_date"
"My gorgeous wife looks sexy af in this!!! The material is soft! It seems to be sturdy as we hv been testing it a lot!!! As always stay up playa playa!!!	review_date"
"If you are more endowed in the boobies area	 definitely SIZE UP. the spot where your boobs are supposed to go feels like an A cup.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly. Even the underwear was comfortable. The picture with this product is somewhat misleading in the aspect of giving the push up illusion. This gown is completely lace so it doesn't have that push up support but it still looks sexy without it.	review_date"
"So so pretty! I鈥檓 tall (5鈥?0) so it didn鈥檛 quite cover all of my butt	 but other than that it fit perfectly! Cannot wait to surprise my boyfriend on our December vacation! True to size	 Large fit wonderfully!	review_date"
"Very cute! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the panties we're small. It's a very flattering top and the xl was perfect even for a large bust. Will purchase again.	review_date"
"i ordered an extra large because I am a 36DD. 5'5 175 pounds. I love it and it is sift and great material.	review_date"
"This was perfect and it made my boobs look amazing!!  The top os super comfy the underwaer are a little uncomfortable because of the seam right. In. The. Middle....if you catch my meaning. But my man loved it and so did I.	review_date"
"Love this! Totally rocked this on our cruise	 fianc茅 loved it!! Bought my normal size XXL and it was a tad tight on my boobs but I still liked it. I鈥檓 a 38 DDD	review_date"
"Excellent product for the price	review_date"
"Very sexy and soft. The dark red is a beautiful color	 just like in the photo. I鈥檓 a size 8 and the medium fit perfectly. I like the silky straps that pull the boobs up nicely.	review_date"
"It shipped really fast and it is beautiful! Im very happy with how it turned out and it makes me feel super sexy with it on! Its a gorgeous color true to the picture	 i got the purple one. I recommend for any girl who wants to feel sexy for herself or show off to a loved one "
"I love this lingerie! It's super cute and fits nicely. I am 5'9 220lbs 38DDD and I ordered the XXL. While it fit nicely almost everywhere it didn't look as great in the breast area. I wish it were a little bigger in that area. Also	 it's kind of cheaply made. Had some loose strings in places. Otherwise I love this product and will be buying it in another color.	review_date"
"This teddy would recieve perfect stars if it had breast support. Saggy boobs in this is just not flattering! Hey	 im my biggest critic so facts	 im 38 bust 33 waist and 43 hip 185lbs. I ordered an XLrg and it fits well	 chonies too!	review_date"
"Girlfriend loved it. She takes a small in just about everything - so got her a small and the top fits great! The bottoms were just a tad loose on her	 but she can still wear them. For the price though	 it is a great piece of lingerie.	review_date"
"somewhat large and the neck strap is placed too far apart for me. However the material is soft and flowing and a pretty color	review_date"
"Fit amazing! I was worried because I have huge breast and it held me perfect and hugged in all the right places.	review_date"
"Sexy outfit I like that it's two piece	 and you can leave the top on	 while taking the bottom off. Sometimes that's required when the kids are around.	review_date"
"Bad quality I just used it once	 didn鈥檛 like it make me look fat	review_date"
"The top mesh is very see through. But it is very soft and comfortbale. I loved the matching panties. I'm 5'4\ and roughly 140 pounds and I wear a 32c. The medium fit perfectly. Although	 it didn't provide a lot of support for the girls. My boyfriend LOVED it though!""	review_date"
Love it! Panties look and feel cheap. But I replaced them with victorias secret panties. Husband loves it as well! 
"Very sexy. Cant wait to wear on vacation. Love it and definiitely recommend this due to price and all.	review_date"
"Fit ok - top was alright bottom has no liner and seems extremely uncomfortable- fit around my thighs a little loose and baggy- but around my waist fine	review_date"
"This product is perfect. I am 5'6	 125 lbs	 wear a 32B/C (depends on the brand) and ordered a small. Both pieces fit perfect on me. The material soft and well hemmed so it doesn't look or feel cheap. Material is a little thin	 but it's supposed to be see through.. Husband loves it and it's really sexy.	review_date"
"The underwear for the nighty was sort on wrong like the material was twisted and it was sewed anyways.	review_date"
"Very nice and comfortable	 I think it runs latge....so I would size down a bit.	review_date"
"I jus love it.  I bought a size large and I a DD cup.  The fit was great.	review_date"
"Item arrived with one strap nearly torn off and I can鈥檛 return it because I didn鈥檛 open it in time. Bought for honeymoon.	review_date"
"I got an xxl I have dd boobs and it fits perfect I love it so much it's so comfortable and easy to move around in love love love it !!!	review_date"
"great color. super soft. I have a bigger but so my booty barely fit into the panties but it worked.	review_date"
"I went by the reviews and size chart. I鈥檓 a 34DD and about 150lbs. I got an XL it was def far too big. It鈥檚 cute so I鈥檓 going to try another size and hope for the best.	review_date"
"Super cute! My boyfriend love me in it! Would recommend!	review_date"
"I ordered the purple one and it is a really nice color. Very nice material	 and the undies are really sexy. No complaints from the other half!	review_date"
"Cute but bad quality. I wore the underwear once and it ripped first time right on the seem and they were even a little too big but i did ordered a size up. I would exchange it and get a new pair of just the underwear for it maybe mine had a defect but i feel weird returning underwear so i tossed them and kept the top at least which is cute	review_date"
"Bought it as maternity lingerie	 fits nice	 comfy too	review_date"
"I like it for several reasons: color	 design being the main ones but not happy with the size. I wear size 2 and have small boobies but this one is really tight	 squeezing my girls.	review_date"
"Very fun and sexy. Fit well and is soft lace.	review_date"
"Poor	 poor quality. Don鈥檛 even waste your money. Looks cheap as well. And mine came with the tag off already	 so it may have been used. Doesn鈥檛 surprise me	 I鈥檓 sure I鈥檓 not the first to return it!	review_date"
"LOVE IT! It's flattering for any body and you will feel sexy. Fabric felt so good against my body	 I kinda didn't want to take it off after trying it on. Now this product is not American size	 so you do need to go up one size. I'm 5'7 and 168 lbs	 wear 34ddd cup and between a 10-12 pants. An XL for me perfectly.	review_date"
"The top fit me just right but the panties didn't fit me at all. This is very sexy and a good price for lingerie	review_date"
"This lingerie is so cute and comfortable! The satin is kind of cheap looking but the piece overall is really good quality for what it cost. This is probably my favorite piece that ive bought online	review_date"
"Cute. Good price. I like it. Very comfortable. Underwear is kind of weird though. Kind of hard to tell which way is front or back.	review_date"
"This is our favorite babydoll negligee!  The blue color is stunning.	review_date"
"Awesome cute	 silky smooth	 almost naked!	review_date"
"Fits pretty much as expected. I'm a 34 B and ordered the small. It's a bit snug but I think it's supposed to be.	review_date"
"I am livid. They sent this with dirty panties! It looks like prob from a period and I want to throw up. They also sent the wrong color and it is nothing like the pictured outfit! Don't buy this!!!	review_date"
"Nice quality	 comfortable	 and fits well	review_date"
"Very pretty set. Fit was on par with my regular size.	review_date"
"Only reason for the four stars is because I noticed a small hole right after I had put it on. The material is very delicate but I would say the price reflects the value. I still felt super sexy when I had it on!	review_date"
"Way super cute!! Ordered an extra large. I will warn you it is VERY sheer! The split also comes up higher than expected so if you are worried about your tummy you might not like this. Would show off a baby bump very pretty	review_date"
"Looks very nice. Good quality materials.	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable.  Large chested girls with not as equally large hips most likely won't fit into the panties.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wedding night and my husband LOVED it! I felt super sexy in it! I wish I would have order one size up though because it was just a little bit tight. The one down size was when I was tying the ribbons around my neck	 it almost sounded like they were coming apart where they were sewn to the body of the fabric. Other than that though	 I love it and will continue to wear it.	review_date"
"Runs small as I read in reviews before i bought it. But perfect for making me feel sexy with my pregnant belly!!	review_date"
"Love the color \u0026 style	 bottoms were way to tight based on the size.	review_date"
"I went by bra size and got a large for 36D. It fit perfectly. Absolutely love this!	review_date"
"Lovely color and soft	 delicate fabric.  You'll feel like a princess.	review_date"
"Beautiful! I love this brand. And I'm not getting paid or getting any free stuff for saying that. But I have gotten a few pieces from them and I haven't been disappointed.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 31 weeks pregnant at about 145lbs and was trying to find something to feel and look sexy in for myself and also my husband. After reading other reviews on sizing I decided to go with a medium. I was very pleased with how everything fit.	review_date"
"Top fits great and is flattering and sexy. Don't like panties that came with it. Panties are undersized.	review_date"
"Order a size up!  I am a 38DD and normally wear an XL so I got a XXL and it fits great!  Underwear were a tad too big but still fit fine.	review_date"
"Adorable	 very flattering babydoll	 and extremely sexy lace panties! I'm 5'9	 a 38DD and 160lbs	 so I ordered the XXL in Mint Green. I probably should've went with the XL	 but I'm ultimately happy with what I bought. Hopefully this might help one of you ladies who are wondering what size they should go with. The halter strap is very complimentary and does wonders for those of us who have large	 natural breasts	 if you know what I mean! The lace cups also have quite a bit of stretch to them. The mint green color is absolutely gorgeous. Not only is the babydoll romantic and adorable	 but the lace panties are absolutely gorgeous and extremely sexy! They both fit true to size. It's also extremely comfortable. Not to mention the high quality of this product	 especially given the very reasonable price. Highly recommended!	review_date"
"Great sexy little outfit	 fits well and I look great in it.  It is flattering for many body types.	review_date"
"It smells odd and the halter tops ties in the back	 so it doesn鈥檛 quite hold the ladies up as shown in the picture. It is very pretty though.	review_date"
"The ribbon for the straps and bow on the front are awful. The color doesn't really match... but it was easily remedied by cutting the straps and bow off	 and then it looked beautiful! The top is tight and elastic enough to wear without the straps. :) I'd recommend it with the modifications	 but be prepared with a pair of scissors!	review_date"
"I'm a petite person with smaller cleavage and this was even too tight for me. I can't image what it would be like it you're chesty.	review_date"
"Materials ok for the price. If you have a long torso	 consider other options. Im 5'8 112	 so quite small. The xs fits me well but its extreamly short.	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy.  Fits fantastic!  The color is beautiful!	review_date"
"My boyfriend *loved* this.:) I will order from you again. And did! This time I sent the lingerie to his residence so he has something to anticipate when I visit him in 8 weeks.	review_date"
"This is very flattering on. I love it so much I have purchased it in several colors.  Definitely order at least a size up if not two sizes up - particularly if you are a C or larger.	review_date"
"returned item was a little small not as good quality as expected	review_date"
"I was disappointed that the size chart was wrong. I am a size 14 and the large is very small. I also am a 34B and the top was very fit and snug too. Next time I would order an XL. Other than that it is nice.	review_date"
"Underwear was a little big but besides that its beautiful and soft	review_date"
"So pretty and soft my boyfriend lived it I made a good choice	review_date"
"Pretty color.  Soft material.  A forgiving design to flatter our figures.	review_date"
"Very nice fabric. It's light and comfy. The underwear doesn't fit	 but I didn't expect it to.	review_date"
"OK	 but not as nice as pictured.	review_date"
"Material is super soft. Very sexy will be buying more colors. The panties are gorgeous	 is not that itchy lace.	review_date"
"So sexy	 fit perfectly	 nice quality and exceeded expectations for price! Boyfriend was ...speechless:)	review_date"
"This was super cute!The thing is a little awkward	 but I鈥檓 Ali not a big thing girl either.	review_date"
"very cute. i loved it but i soon as i put it on the strap came apart at the seem on one side. luckily the other one came off just as easy and i was able to wear it strapless. its still cute and serves its purpose but def no support this way.	review_date"
"My wife looked GOOD!!!! :D ladies	 if you want to make your man happy	 go and buy this for him. He will enjoy it	review_date"
"I got the red it's so pretty and its very soft and comfortable . I got size large it fits nicely	review_date"
"I'm baffled by the good reviews on here. It's cheap	 thin	 chiffon and lace material with no support or anything. Just peices sewn together.	review_date"
"Her new favorite	review_date"
"Would be so pretty	 but ribbon around neck and bow on front don't match. I am disappointed. Ordered it for bridal shower and need to return it.	review_date"
"It really WAS sexy! I got the black one and ordered 2 sizes up... My bf said I looked hot. I have kind of a small pooch so I sewed the middle part.	review_date"
"Comfy and adorable. Husband loved it! The red of the fabric does stain bed sheets.	review_date"
"Much much smaller than expected. I am not petite by all means	 I am thicker built and slightly over weight but this is definitely made for very petite women. Not for busty women either	 which I am. Very pretty though	 wish it fit.	review_date"
"I apologize in taking so long to review this product.  I would buy this brand again.  Sizes run true to American sizes and the product did not feel cheap.	review_date"
"To look sexy for my man	review_date"
"The top was perfect and I loved the color. I'm 5'5 145lbs with DDD sized breasts so I ordered a large. The bottoms however were too tight for a large. They almost felt like I was wearing a S/M where as I usually wear M/L underwear. I can wear them just not as comfortable as I would have liked and I don't feel like it flatters my figure as much as a bigger size would have.	review_date"
"Top half is cute and fit alright. The tie far around the neck is a little too long and the underwear that came with are not the same in the picture and was double my size.	review_date"
"The cups of the top are see through lace (which I wasn't expecting from the picture)	 but over all really cute and fits well!	review_date"
"I'm pregnant	 and used this for a photo shoot. It is STUNNING! I got a large because I'm too heavy at this point	 and it for me perfectly. One of my favorites... and my husbands lol	review_date"
"Great quality! Fits as expected! Deff. Buy this!	review_date"
"adorable	 sexy	 provocative	review_date"
"Me and my wife love this lingerie	review_date"
"Does not fit true to size	review_date"
"Definitely order a size bigger than what you order normally. I'm more of a medium myself and took a risk by ordering the medium and it fit decent enough	 but it would have been more comfortable if I ordered a large. Otherwise	 it looks just as cute as it does in the pictures!	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Lots of strings qnd frayed edges. Not impressed. Does nothing to accentuate the girls either. Pancakes them down.	review_date"
"Wasn't sure what to expect in quality for the cost.... I'll just say... I would purchase it again.	review_date"
"I soooo love it.  It's hard to find nice sexy lingerie  stores theses days This one in particular is so feminine	 pretty and sexy. I tried it on and it's perfect .  I can't wait to wear it....	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Did not look anything like this	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"Great value for the price.  It fit perfectly and the fabric was a higher quality than I expected for such a low price.  I am 5\7	 32B and 128 lbs and the small was perfect""	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"What a gorgeous nightie! I wasn't sure about following the size chart due to the reviews. My measurements are 36b 27\ waist and 120lbs and a medium was perfect. Top is stretchy so there's a bit of give.""	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so cute! I鈥檓 5鈥? 38DDD 190lbs and got the XL and it fits perfect! The material is soft and it supports better than I expected. Perfect especially for that price	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great and looks awesome.	review_date"
"Love this cute and sexy outfit!!! I'm 5'6 123lbs and 34C bust. I bought the medium and it fit perfect!! I feel so cute and sexy in it! Can't wait to wear it on my honeymoon!! It's also very soft and comfy! All around good product.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5\ 154lbs	 not busty. A small fits well and supports well.""	review_date"
"Got this as a gift for a friend who was getting married. It was super cute. Arrived quickly.	review_date"
"Fit very Well	 panties were nice and comfortable. I had expected a little bit more support in the just area however. The image is misleading and it is a little more like a tube top. But it was still very sexy	review_date"
"Very nice and pretty lingerie set. I bought to wear during my pregnancy and it fits well.	review_date"
"My wife and I loved it.. perfect fit.	review_date"
"This little piece of lingerie is so cute! It fits just like I thought it would. It is very girly and it has the sex appeal I was looking for. I would buy it again!	review_date"
"One of the straps for the top was broken off. Can't wear it.	review_date"
"Strap ripped before I could fully put it in. The stiching wasn't very sturdy at all.	review_date"
"Very cute a little smaller than expected	review_date"
"I give 4 stars because it's cute and sexy. Top fit great	 plenty of streach. The panties	 uh not so much. I got them on	 but barely. Lol. Still it was the top I was more worried about anyways	 and I was happy	review_date"
"It was a hit! I鈥檓 an XL or size 14 in bottoms and my bust line doesn鈥檛 match this. It鈥檚 much smaller. So when I ordered this I think the top came to look like a baby doll shirt and covered everything such I was ok with. But that may not be what it鈥檚 supposed to be.	review_date"
"Fits perfect and super cute!	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"When I got it	 it was beyond smaller than expected	review_date"
"This color purple is absolutely majestic. I'm very excited to wear it. Makes me feel very good trying it on.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits well and looks nice	review_date"
"I am pregnant and over 200 pounds so definitely dont feel sexy right now. I bought this hoping it would help me be a little sexier surprise my husband! The fabric is beautiful and definitely flatters my pregnant body. I ordered a 2XX and it fits beautifully!	review_date"
"For my wedding night	 doesn鈥檛 look like the picture but still cute	review_date"
"Loved this! Fit exactly as expected and was exactly what I was looking for. I am very happy with this purchase!	review_date"
"Very sexy and fit as expected. good material for the price.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Even though I'm not always happy with my body it makes me feel sexy and beautiful every time.	review_date"
"It was very flattering. I have a small bust and it gave me a very feminine look.	review_date"
"It's exactly like on the pictures	 but it fit somewhat small... I ordered a small	 bcs that's my size	 and needed a medium.	review_date"
"Eccelente muy buena calidad	review_date"
"Great quality for the price	review_date"
"top fit perfectly on me	 bottoms fit a little weird but not enough for me to return it. i love it. it's comfy	 sexy	 and a good price.	review_date"
"Beautiful and fits great!! Definitely a good bu	  it鈥檚 really hard to find these that actually fit a plus size women.	review_date"
"The fabric is comfortable but not the size. I guess the company I bought it from forget American women are not all super models. My fault for not buying plus sizes somewhere else.	review_date"
"Absolutely love! This came within only four days after ordered. I got the Large which fits everywhere pretty great except the top is snug (34DD) but I honestly love it! Ordering more right now because its very flattering.	review_date"
"Let's just say it didn't stay on for long! Super cute and soft. Panties were kind of small but it wasn't a big deal... I got the fuscia purple and loooved it... as did my BF.	review_date"
"Fylfilled my expectations. Really nice materials. It's classy!	review_date"
"just okay. No support	review_date"
"Major disappointment. Received the package in the mail today... Only got the top to this set. Pretty pathetic. Description says set. A set is more than one piece!!	review_date"
"Small fit me perfectly I'm a 32 A And it looked great! Love it!	review_date"
"Very cute outfit	review_date"
"somewhat smaller than i expected	 and the panties do not fit my thicker bottom half	 at all. as with 99% of sets / outfits i buy -_-	review_date"
"My Fiance loves it she looks great in and makes me feal naughty when she wears it.	review_date"
"Lovely	 and same as in the picture 	 m 145 lbs and 5.2	 bra size 34d 	 meadium fits well	review_date"
"Fits nicely feels good. 5'6\	160	 size L is good.""	review_date"
"bought for a friend but it was small . reordered and she loved it	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ and about 115 pounds and I was nervous about fit because my chest is a little on the smaller side (B cup) and didn't want the bra area to be baggy. Luckily it fits perfectly and came in just three days. The ribbon that ties back behind your neck seems like it might rip off of the front kind of easily so just be careful not to tie it too tightly.""	review_date"
"I would go with your size!  I got it for Valentine鈥檚 Day	 And I鈥檓 pregnant.  My belly looked super adorable	review_date"
"Exactly what I ordered	 fit as expected	 I usually wear a L in t-shirt	 so I ordered a L	 and it fit just fine!	review_date"
"It arrived on time	 was as promised	 and fits perfectly. I would recommend to anyone looking for some secksi lingerie for an affordable price.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Anniversary present to wear for my husband.  I was hesitant after having a baby	 but this is extremely flattering!	review_date"
"Amazing	  this lingerie is simply sexy.	review_date"
"super cute flirty and sexy.	review_date"
"Looks great on her	review_date"
"very beautiful	 great quality for the price!	review_date"
"Panties aren鈥檛 worth a d*** but I love the top	review_date"
"Very cute	 fits nicely	 good quality!	review_date"
"Really cute outfit at a great price! I will definitely purchase more outfits in the future!	review_date"
"So pretty on great material!	review_date"
"so pretty and just right	review_date"
"Very cute.  I am a 38DD and this fit perfect.	review_date"
"very cute! just wish it was a bit more bigger for my girls! LOL Everything else fits fine!	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfectly. Did not have to order a size bigger to fit. The ribbon that ties in the back is a bit longer than expected. She made a slight modification and she is thrilled.	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"Soooo cute! One of my favorite lingerie outfits and was perfect for our honeymoon!	review_date"
"I really enjoyed this product	 the material was super soft but fit awesome! Only downfall was it is super delicate so the straps tear easily.	review_date"
"Mmmmmm!!!!!  I wrecked that a$$!!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Great material for the price. Well made and and fits wonderfully.	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"Good quality..sexy little number	review_date"
"Nice.	review_date"
"I'm a little on the heavy side and this fits great. Top is figure flattering and the fabric is stretchy and soft. I felt just as pretty as the model!	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife as a Christmas present and she loves it.	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Beautiful on	 the material is comfortable.	review_date"
"Very sexy and very rich in color great buy get it ladies!!!馃槞	review_date"
"This runs large. I'm 5'2\ 123 lbs. 34d. 37-25-36. I ordered a large as per reviews \u0026 it's huge. I needed a small. Lace is spandex and has plenty of give. A smaller size would hold the girls and push them up a little.""	review_date"
"Very pretty	 fits well	 makes me look HOT! lol!	review_date"
"Really cute and fits as expected.	review_date"
"Very cute but runs a bit small	 order up a size	review_date"
"Very nice material	so nice	sexy and comfortable.Thank you	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Bow is not in the middle so it makes the top not sit right and looks stupid on me...therefore my husband does not care for this outfit! Discouraged completely!	review_date"
"comfy and fun	review_date"
"Awesome buy	 fits me really well (I'm 5'1\ 135lb)It does run when you wash it (I hand washed) so would recommend washing it on its own.Over all	 I'm very please with this purchased.""	review_date"
"The top fits great but not the bottoms they are way big. Good material	 the bow is a bit big and floppy and takes away from the sexiness of it.	review_date"
"Love this!!!! Very nice material and it is beautiful	review_date"
"this is super cute! material is soft and a little stretchy. gorgeous lipstick color. very easy to wear. true to size.at 5'6 it is a lot shorter on me than the model	 it just comes to the top of my hips. it's still cute	 but i wish it was a little longer.the panties are definitely too small	 but i expected that.	review_date"
"I'm a 36DD and this fits more than perfectly! So much better than I expected. The fabric is much softer than I thought it would be for the price	 but the undies are a little scratchy.	review_date"
"there is a tie ribbon in the back. but its easy to get on and off supper cute!	review_date"
"Love this! Very well made	 I was surprised at the quality. Wasn't sure what to expect as I've never purchased this brand before. Would highly recommend. Just be sure to look at sizing	 this runs small.	review_date"
"Super cute	 the bottoms are a little big but i think it's the style not the actual garmet.	review_date"
"It is a cute babydoll	 i just love it	review_date"
"S煤per sexy	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"It fits pretty good but my boobs feel squished	review_date"
"Cute	 sexy outfit. My fianc茅 loves it!	review_date"
"Well my lady friend like them. And she keeps wanting to look at more and they all came a week or two early.	review_date"
"Fit good and material is nice	review_date"
"Very pretty. I liked the product.	review_date"
"I'm thrilled with this deep red color and excellent fit. Usually deep reds are quite costly.  Loving it.	review_date"
"Great buy 	 fit to Size	review_date"
"Looked great on my wife	 size was perfect!	review_date"
"I was expecting more of a darker deep red as pictured	 it was a bright red. I still love it. Being a \gifted\"" woman with a very large bust (34f) I was shocked that there was enough coverage. I am 5'3\"" and about 140lbs. The medium fit great.""	review_date"
"Great material beautiful!	review_date"
"Product was Way to small but Quality was nice.	review_date"
"Comfortable	review_date"
"Tal cual lo esperaba	review_date"
"Super cute and comfortable! Fit very well	review_date"
"So cute and soft	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"First time i ordered something like this online so i was worried about how it was going to fit and look. I really liked this purchase.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 and wear a B cup. It鈥檚 nice and flowy around my problem areas and super flattering! The only bummer is that it came with a tiny hole in the lace	review_date"
"Very feminine and sexy. Keeps color well. Not scratchy.	review_date"
"Excellent buy. Fit perfectly. I'm 5ft 2 in tall. I weigh 160lb. I am a c cup. I ordered a large. Measure around is 41in.	review_date"
"Super fricken cute and the material is SO SOFT LIKE REALLY SUPER SOFT! 10/10 would buy again	review_date"
"Fabric is soft and comfortable to wear. I would recommend this to purchase.	review_date"
"very beautiful good shipment good delivery	review_date"
"Should have brought all the colors.	review_date"
"This is my favorite pair of lingerie as of yet. Boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Sweet and the price is right.	review_date"
"It's very cute!	review_date"
"very sexy wife loves it	review_date"
"Comfortable and cute	review_date"
"adorable!!!! love it!!	review_date"
"Normally wear a large but ordered a 2xl and it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Sent this to a friend and they love it. She said the quality was excellent.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Love it	review_date"
"Hubby loves this!	review_date"
"Love the way it fit. Husband loved it also	review_date"
"Super cute	 and the underwear definitely exceeded my expectations. It鈥檚 really light and comfy	 and fits exactly as expected but stil has enough give that you don鈥檛 have to worry if you gain any weight	review_date"
"Absolutely love this. It does run a little small so I鈥檓 glad I got it a size larger just to be safe. My fianc茅 loves it too. He was definitely happy when I showed him what I bought	review_date"
"flattering and nice purple color	review_date"
"CUTE!	review_date"
"Great buy. Soft material	 isnt bad quality. My girlfriend adores it and the panties are perfect for women who dont like g strings. Very satisfied for the price.	review_date"
"Love everything about these. Have one in 3 different colors now.	review_date"
"love this as does my hubby!	review_date"
"This is so gorgeous. I just got it in the mail a few minutes ago and tried it on right away. It's soft	 sexy	 and makes me feel so pretty. Can't wait to wear it for someone. The only thing is panties are a little loose. But honestly I'm just glad it fits my top	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"Didnt like it cause it didnt fit at all and dont know how to return it	review_date"
"Absolutely love! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?about 145 pounds and large breasts (roughly ddd or bigger) and I got a large and it fits awesome! I have wide hips and the panties are a great fit.	review_date"
"Perfect! Hubby loved it and it fit great!	review_date"
"I love this design. I wanted to try something lacy and I wondered if it would be itchy to my skin.  Thankfully it鈥檚 not. Plus my husband loves it.	review_date"
"First off I love the bag came in 	 had a ziploc reusable bag easy to store. Second the material feels amazing and love had it stretches to fit me perfectly. I just had my 4th baby 7months ago and it's nice to wear something that actually makes me feel sexy! Will be buying again!!One thing I noticed was others complaining about the size so I went up 2 sizes than I normally would and got a xlg	 I'm so glad I had	 at 138 and 36ddcup it fits my great!	review_date"
"Cute but size up!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Holy threads!! I have had to cut off so many threads especially on the panties. It appears they weren't sewn very well and the top border is too long and crooked leaving a tail above the bow. The material feels nice but all in all shoddy craftmanship.	review_date"
"It is very sexy \u0026 the cloth fiber is so soft	review_date"
"love love love!!! So super comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and it fits so nice but the panties run a little big but I like it to be tight on my butt.	review_date"
"Fit Lacey and pretty	review_date"
"Good quality. I suggest going up a size. I did and I鈥檓 glad I did.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie because it's great for larger breasts. I am a 32DDD and it fits super well.	review_date"
"It was very pretty but the bust was to small.  Even measuring it.  I ended up sending it back.	review_date"
"Brought it for a friend and it fit her perfectly.	review_date"
"Very cute. Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Very sexy but kinda cheaply made in spots	review_date"
"It is absolutely perfect!!! Being  a 36dd I could have gone with a large but bought the xl and it fits good. I'll be buying other colors.	review_date"
"feels comfy and great quality of fabric	review_date"
"Super cute! Top is somewhat stretchy so it has some give	 but I might order again in a size bigger	review_date"
"The top was a little snug	  but the stretch was forgiving. The silky straps are a nice touch around the neck. Overall	  I am still really happy with my purchase. I feel very sexy when I'm wearing this!	review_date"
"Fit very well and  soft.	review_date"
"Returned	 item was cheap and fraying. Disappointed.	review_date"
"Third time buying lingerie from this seller. LOVE!!	review_date"
"It fit perfectly! I am 5鈥? and 170 pounds I normally wear a large in leggings and a 38 C bra. I ordered a large and it fit like a dream. It鈥檚 stretchy at the top so I think a woman who is more gifted up there would still fit beautifully .	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful. I Love it! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?125lbs. I got a medium and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"this will be the second color of this particular outfit and its kinda small (pantie wise) its not uncomfortable just wish it had a little more breathing room. Other than that still love this piece cant wait to get it in black :)	review_date"
"Like the quality and style	review_date"
"I like it but I expected the breast area to be padded or something like a bra	 it isn't and there were stain areas on it. It was more of a grease stain that was more noticeable when I tried it on	review_date"
"I'm 5'2	 136lbs. I bought a medium. This made me feel so sexy \u0026 it was very comfortable as well. The way the ruffles fall in the front is so dainty \u0026 flattering. You won't regret this. I bet it would work for most body shapes	review_date"
"Slightly small in the breast area. Will smoosh them down so if you're small up top and insecure about it	 this probably isn't what you'd want. Decent quality for such a cheap price. Better than I would have expected honestly.	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"I love it \u0026 my bf loves it so what more could we ask for? It feels super nice \u0026 issue scratchy at all. I love it!	review_date"
"Cheap but price was cheap also.	review_date"
"fits perfectly (im a size small top) got a small and it fits great	review_date"
"A little on the cheap looking side	 had a few runs. Good for the price though.	review_date"
"She liked the way it looked at fit.	review_date"
"Perfect for the evening. One downfall was that the strap had to be sewn back on as it was only attached by a thread.	review_date"
"Gets me real chubby like.	review_date"
"The top strap ripped without hardly any tension the first time i tried it on.	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"Cute and flattering. I feel beautiful and comfortable in it!	review_date"
"Perfect gift for my girlfriend! Ima have great nights! 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍鉂わ笍馃敟馃敟馃敟	review_date"
"Very pretty	 just like the picture but runs somewhat small	review_date"
"Fits well. No complaints	review_date"
"Item was used!!! Buyers beware!!	review_date"
"This is super cute but I was sent the wrong size and the bow on the top is not stitched on completely. I will have to fix it. Kinda disappointed even though it's very cute.	review_date"
"I like that this has a halter so you can tie it to fit you better	 it is sexy but the material is low quality and the panties it came with were terrible	review_date"
"sexy and fun.  definitely a favorite.	review_date"
"She looks incredible in it	review_date"
"A馃拫	review_date"
"Love the color it's exactly as shown. It's tight in the bust area and I'm a C cup.	review_date"
"Great quality for the price and great quality for what it's for... Comfortable fabric and super flattering	review_date"
"It was a good fit except on the boobs to tight and my lady isnt boosty so the top part must of been a training bra size. She was going to wear it for my birthday but never happened do to the top part of it.	review_date"
"Better than I expected for the price	 just runs a bit large. I wear a small but definitely would prefer an extra small in this.	review_date"
"So soft. Fits well. sexy. Good quality	review_date"
"HE OR SHE WILL FALL IN LOVE WITH YOU	review_date"
"This piece was way flattering and was comfortable as well as sexy. My husband loved it. For the price	 it's great lingerie.	review_date"
"Loved this for the price and would get more in different colors.	review_date"
"Fits very good	review_date"
"Very beautiful and it fit my gf perfectly. She enjoys the soft feeling and it's sleeping ability too.	review_date"
"This is a great lingerie set! The red is a beautiful color	 and I felt very confident while wearing this. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Love love love this. Bought another one in a different color after trying this one on. Great fit	 looks great	 good quality. 10/10 would buy again.	review_date"
"SUPER SEXY! LOVE IT.....I ROCKED IT!	review_date"
"I ordered a small and fits perfect! I'm 5\6 128lbs slim and athletic build. Breast size 32DD in VS size. Can't wait to wear it for my boyfriend!""	review_date"
"It's very pretty!	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Low quality. Fell apart after first use - not even worth the time to go to the post office and return it...save your money and go elsewhere!	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"The fit was great and the material had a lot of stretch to it. It was made a little cheaper than I was expecting though.	review_date"
"Size as expected. The lace around the neck gives a nice touch and girls stay in place	review_date"
"I purchased the blue one XL because of my breast size i'm a DDD38 and it fit great. I would recommend to tie the halter up and tight so you get a sexy look and your breast don't hang because it doesn't have a bra support in it. The panties are a little big on me but it fits and if anything you could use a different thong . Overall it is cute and comfortable.	review_date"
"My wife looks very sexy in it	review_date"
"I was utterly disappointed in this. The picture was extremely misleading and the length	 that was about 3\ shorter. And in the over all look of it. I have always worn a small	 this was 2 sizes down from that.""	review_date"
"The quality of this is simply beautiful. Great buy	review_date"
"Perfect Valentine鈥檚 Day lingerie! I was nervous about buying online	 but the fabric is a nice quality and it fit perfectly! Definitely buying from here again!	review_date"
"This little dress is sooo cute. I love how it opens down the middle. Definitely take your measurements and it will fit.	review_date"
"Buy it about 2 sizes bigger than normal	review_date"
"Item fit very well and even though quality isn't the best	 it is still very beatiful	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"love it!	review_date"
"The top fit perfect	 the bottoms were a bit snug.  Really great quality. Will be ordering another one!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! I was a little unsure when I bought it because lingerie never fits me quite right but since it's a halter it's easy to adjust and the color is just as vibrant as in the pictures!	review_date"
"My Fiance loves it.	review_date"
"husband loves	review_date"
"It's really pretty but I was a bit unsure of what size to go with. I'm 5'5\ and 174 lbs. I went with a medium but a large would have fit perfect.""	review_date"
"I liked it. It was sooo cute	 but the material was ripped. I was really excited to wear it too.	review_date"
"Way to small!!	review_date"
"Like a picture	review_date"
"This fits so comfortably that I'm going to buy this in other colors!	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie!	review_date"
"Squashes the chest.	review_date"
"perfect..im 170lb and L fitted well	review_date"
"Hubby loves it!!!	review_date"
"I loved this and so did my boyfriend. It is nicely made. I knew it would run small so I ordered larger. i'm usually a size large to XL and I ordered XXL. I am pretty busty. For the price this is a great find!!	review_date"
"My wife really likes this outfit. It covers all the spots she wants and shows all the spots I want.	review_date"
"Very disappointed! I ordered the rose red and it's not even close to being red it's pink!!!!!	review_date"
"It nice and all but did not come how i expected	review_date"
"I am plus sized so it was a bit tight but amazing design	review_date"
"Fits great	 I love it.	review_date"
"Very pretty! Looks sexy	review_date"
"pretty	review_date"
"Beautiful set!!! I love it and it's very flattering as well!! I want one in every color!	review_date"
"It said it was NEW but Tag was NOT attached and a small peice of black cloth fell out when I opened it. It fits perfect but I am going to wash it as I think it was a previous return. I think I should get a partial refund bec. its NOT new	review_date"
"Lovely!	review_date"
"Very impressed with the whole thing. Excited to try another outfit in this brand!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Love the color and fit...it's very cute!	review_date"
"The top part was awesome. Fit perfectly. The bottom was torn.	review_date"
"Beautiful color. I'm petite \u0026 it fit just right.	review_date"
"34F and generally a size small bottoms. I went with a medium and am very pleased with it! Large was just a little too big.	review_date"
"Perfect blue and fit great!	review_date"
"Perfect your partner will love this.. it flatters all figures	review_date"
"It's so cute and fits great! I love that the underwear are more than just a gstring. Definitely a good value	review_date"
"Very good!	review_date"
"Surprisingly nice! Sized up 1 size and it was perfect	review_date"
"It was for my girlfriend it fit her nicely. She has a very sexy figure and it suits her nicely.	review_date"
"It was a gift	review_date"
"Super cute and wonderful color! Pantie is different from picture	review_date"
"Very soft material. Fits well. Super cute. Probably will get it in other colors	review_date"
"Super cute	 fit me as expected. Definitely recommended.	review_date"
"This lingerie is sexy and comfy. It鈥檚 very stretchy so it accentuates curves.	review_date"
"My wife looks great in this	 but unfortunately she wouldn't let me post pictures	review_date"
"Nightwear fit as expected and had excellent quality...I plan on getting a second on soon!	review_date"
"Very cute and fit really well.	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"I love it! Supper cute! I have a small waste. It's 29 inches and my chest is a 36 DD so I went and ordered the Large for my chest and it works perfectly! Cute and Sexy! Highly recommend鈥?	review_date"
Great 
"Looks amazing! My boyfriend loved it. Fabric is soft and smooth.	review_date"
"Fit well.	review_date"
"I wish the top had slight bit more lace coverage to it... otherwise it is great. =-)	review_date"
"Not exactly made for those with large breast but it was a hit with my hubby. I'll continue to shop with you	review_date"
"Fits great and the lace is very soft. Haven鈥檛 been disappointed from ordering their products yet.	review_date"
"In the picture the color is deeper but in reality its lighter. Looked like it was Christmas time in my bedroom lol	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and about 170 pounds	 I ordered a size up then what I鈥檇 usually get	 so I got an XL. It fits perfect	 I鈥檓 very satisfied with it and so is my man.	review_date"
"Husband loves it! very sexy	review_date"
"Super pretty! Husband loves it	review_date"
"Love this piece! Well made	 and very comfortable.  So far I love everything I have bought from this company.  Will definitely be ordering from them again.	review_date"
"Very dainty	 the purple was the right purple and my husband was pretty happy with it.	review_date"
"Thought it was smaller than your typical medium	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Wife says it's very tight in the chest area. But other then that she looks great in it.	review_date"
"Offers great support.	review_date"
"Brought this in all colors !  It's super cute	review_date"
"Comfortable and cute. The straps came off real easy and had to be sewn back on	review_date"
"Love love love it!!! I鈥檓 a size 34DD I ordered a medium	 panties fit great and top is a little lose but still looks and feel great! Bought it for Valentine鈥檚 Day	 I know my husband will love it!	review_date"
"Very cute! Hubby loved it	review_date"
"My girlfriend got this and says it鈥檚 very comfortable and she is going to get more colors! She is 5鈥?鈥?	 130 lbs	 and 34C and got a size medium and it鈥檚 perfect...	review_date"
"I like it	 it's somewhat small in the breast area.  Order a size up for that	review_date"
"My girl looks very sexy wearing this.	review_date"
"Pretty color and sexy!	review_date"
"Very nice fabric	review_date"
"but some stitches was missed .	review_date"
"Love love love. Know that the breast area is completely see through. Order one size up	review_date"
"Super soft and comfortable	 can't wait for our honeymoon to show it off!	review_date"
"Cute fit as expected.	review_date"
"I ordered extra large but it was too small.	review_date"
"Comfortable and very flattering	review_date"
"Cute and comfortable. Ran a little small though for my chest.	review_date"
"Love it fits great and the man loves it as well	review_date"
"Fits true to sizing. Looks good and fabric is good quality.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Lots of fun and adorable	review_date"
"Way cute	review_date"
"The top fit okay but the underwear seemed a little small riding up the front making it uncomfortable	review_date"
"Stunning outfit	 my boyfriend looovvveeedddd it	review_date"
"The panties were a little bit but still looked great and still get comfy. Great product all in all and I鈥檓 very happy with it!! Looks great and feels great!	review_date"
"Great outfit	review_date"
"Don't like the way the underwear fits . Over all sexy .	review_date"
"The top was a good fit but the panties were too tight. Ordered XL and that normally fits my wife but these were too small.	review_date"
"way too small. ridiculous	review_date"
"This is super sexy and feels amazing. I love it.	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"The models love it	review_date"
"I am 5'6\	 130 pounds and I bought a medium. The top is very cute and it fits really nice. Not liking the underwear too much	 they don't seem to fit very well	 it feels like they are thongs in the front	 like they don't cover enough for me. Maybe that's just my perception though. I will most likely get some new undies to go with it. Beautiful color though.""	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"once again avidlove has made a lingerie that continues to make my jaw drop every time my significant other wears it in the bedroom. ! amen to avidlove	review_date"
"I love it! So worth the money. Going to have to buy more from this company!	review_date"
"It felt very good and was exactly what I expected	review_date"
"SO much more than I expected. So beautiful tried it on and I was so blown away it was stunning the color matched my skin and it felt so soft and very well made	 Love it	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"super confortable !!! top top top	review_date"
"Was worried how a small was going to fit. But everything fits as expected	review_date"
"So soft and the color is gorgeous! I am so happy with this purchase	review_date"
"I would recommend this to anyone it fits perfectly and it is feels great against my skin	review_date"
"XL 190 pounds 38 C 5' 10\.Fit perfect. Bust any larger I would consider sizing up.Dark red true to color.""	review_date"
"I loved the color dark pink. Fit perfect. I plan on buying more in a different color.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Nice nighty!	review_date"
"Very nice  thanks	review_date"
"Very cute and good quality	 but too small.	review_date"
"love this!	review_date"
"It's ok.  Not great for someone with a D cup.  Stretch fabric was not flattering.	review_date"
"Super cute and fits perfectly I can't say anything bad about this the material is soft but not delicate the panties fit perfectly I would definatly buy another set	review_date"
"This was great	 it fit perfectly	 was just a bit tight in the boobs but I expected that due to my proportions. But an overall great product definitely worth it	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 sexy and nicely made	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"I thought there would be more support in the cups	 more like a bra. But overall it fits well and looks nice on. I am about 5'3	 140 pounds	 Bra size 32 DD	 and the size large fit well.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Super comfortable.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly! Surprised my boyfriend with it for our anniversary! He loved it! Glad I went with a small instead of upsizing like some of the other reviews said!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"I ordered an xxl	 but it fits more like a large. The sizes run small. It is cute	 and it held up after washing.	review_date"
"Sizes are china sizes. They think everyone is tiny. I鈥檓 an American sorry China I鈥檒l never order anything from you again	review_date"
"It fit well but it does leave marks	review_date"
"馃憣馃徏	review_date"
"Very nice fabric. I love the stretch lace bodice. Very sexy with ribbon to tie for halter top. Panties run a bit small. Fabric and ribbon not a perfect color match.	review_date"
"Panties too small top just right other then that its great	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Got this as a Valentine鈥檚 Day gift to wear for hubby	 it fit exactly how it should have and he loved it.	review_date"
"its a funny color	review_date"
"My girlfriend love it	review_date"
"Comfy and sexy. I like the stretch and flow of this material.	review_date"
"I love the outfit but mine came in with the straps torn off	 was going to return it but decided not to hassle with trying to return it so i sewed it up myself.	review_date"
"Well made and very cute.  A favorite.	review_date"
"So sexy so soft and it fits perfect thank you so much !! I鈥檒l be buying more more more	review_date"
"my wife looks really hot	review_date"
"Breast area is small. 36B	 ordered L.	review_date"
"wish there were separate sizes for undies and tops	 but overall	 it worked out great!	review_date"
"This is awesome	 it fit as expected. It was a big hit and ma husband loved it!!	review_date"
"Ordered an xl and it was more like a large. Had to return.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Love this! Great quality and great fit. Beautiful on!	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected	review_date"
"Fits nice and is made well	review_date"
"Very nice and flattering. Order a size up.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly and it looks great	 I'm glad I read the reviews. The material is good and just all around sexy. I'm 160lbs and 5'6	 and the medium fit wonderfully	 highly recommend!!	review_date"
"Very soft material	 fit well. I ordered up a size because I'm bustier but it's lingerie so it's not like if it's revealing it's bad thing. Lol husband seemed to enjoy it and it was comfortable. The panties fit well	 I wouldn't wear them on a normal day to day but they matched well. The rose red color is pink though. Not even close to red so just know that. It's a very hot pink lol	review_date"
"small fit plus quality was questionable.	review_date"
"Super cute!!! Ordered a size bigger than normal to be safe	 and it was perfect!	review_date"
"The material is of a good quality and the color is true to the picture. I'm small chested at a 36B and I had some difficulty getting it over my breasts	 so I would imagine this would be a bit more difficult for a larger chested lady. There is no support offered for the chest area but the halter does help with that. The underwear run a bit small as well	 but do fit. That being said	 it is cute and as pictured and is very flattering once on.	review_date"
"Beautiful 馃槏	review_date"
"It is not as thick as it seems in the image. the colour is also not as strong but it is still sexy and the extra gift is too.	review_date"
"Beautiful outfit	review_date"
"I have nothing but praise.  Not only is it perfect in every way. It was delivered 3 days faster then they posted	review_date"
"Very pretty and great quality!	review_date"
"A little small	review_date"
"Very cute	 great price	 and true to size!! Love it!	review_date"
"Is very cute and all parts for almost perfect	review_date"
"This is the cutest little nightie my baby has ever put on. The bow on the front is just too cute	review_date"
"Went to try it on	 strap ripped right off it. Not impressed.	review_date"
"Anyone larger up top than a small......won't like. Not enough support or any what so ever....	review_date"
"It hard to find things that fit me nicely. This does. I weight about 185 and 5'2 i got XL and it fits great.	review_date"
"Very thin	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"She loved it...	review_date"
"The color is perfect and nice fit 馃憤馃徏 True to color very stretchy which is good	review_date"
"Fits as expected however	 it the straps ripped the first time I wore it	review_date"
"Very cheaply made.	review_date"
"If you have big boobs not even try it	review_date"
"Tooooo Hooottt!!!	review_date"
"I wear a 36C bra so I ordered the XXL	 after reading the reviews. Material and color are lovely	review_date"
"Really cute and well put together	 very soft but it was to small for my chest area. I expected that though.	review_date"
"Fits small	review_date"
"It's a little smaller than what it says but comfortable nonetheless	 beautiful and true to color. The boyfriend liked his gift	review_date"
"Washed it once and one of the straps fell off. It is not quality.	review_date"
"Very useful	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful!!!My boyfriend loved it too!!!I got the red one	 is soft and nice!Just loved it!	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"I loved the fit. And the fabric was as expected. Super soft!! So happy with my purchase! I will most definitely be buying more from this vendor!!	review_date"
"Looks super cute BUT鈥斺€?the black dye rubs off onto everything!!! We found out the hard way... on white sheets!	review_date"
"Cheap	 fell apart	review_date"
"Amazing!	review_date"
"This is so cute! I'm not a tiny girl so I was worried about how I would look in it.  It looks adorable and I totally feel sexy ! Thank you so much!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Good material Good color	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"It fits great! I'm 5'5	 130 lbs and ordered a medium. Stretchy comfortable material.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 very bright! Fabric is soft and comfortable! Very sexy!	review_date"
"Loved it! Fits great	review_date"
"I'm not a fan of the halter having to be tied. Other than that it is amazing!	review_date"
"Comfy/ well made.	review_date"
"Perfect fit.  Exactly what I expected	 So I bought two.	review_date"
"The purple is gorgeous and I love it!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and looks good!	review_date"
"fit my size	review_date"
"not as flattering as I thought. still cute though. !	review_date"
"Love this set! The hot pink color is gorgeous!	review_date"
"I loved the way it fit and how the fabric swung as I moved. I'm 5'0 and 110 pounds	 32B in the chest and a medium fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"Product is good but ordered a large and received a medium. On the bag it even says large but once I opened the product the tag says medium	review_date"
"This was great it fit as expected and she looked amazing in it	review_date"
"The top fits perfectly but the bottoms fit small but still looks good	review_date"
"Would love to wear all day	 the color is perfect.	review_date"
"Cute and good quality for the price	review_date"
"Love it! I am 4'11	 27 waist	 and 34B and it fit me perfect! I got a small.	review_date"
"Panty size is way to small compared to the top.	review_date"
"Wasn't the best quality but amazingly comfy!!	review_date"
"I haven't worn this yet but I tried it and nothing's ever looked better on me! I'm 5'6\ and at present 145 lbs	 my bra size is 32C (sometimes D depending on the brand). I have large hips and a smaller upper body (in comparison to my hips). The chemise fits great and surprisingly has great support. Great purchase	 I highly recommend getting this	 in fact	 I'm thinking of getting it in other colours "
"very poor quality	review_date"
"Very cute and flattering outfit.	review_date"
"Pretty. Top fits as expected	 bottom is small.	review_date"
"Lovely	review_date"
"Arrived in a bag labeled as red	 but was black.  Material is thin and completely transparent.  It does not look like the one pictured.  I do not recommend this item.	review_date"
"It got me laid.	review_date"
"Looks and fits perfect on my wife. She likes it a lot. I made a good choice on this one.	review_date"
"True to size and better then expected!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It looks very sexy and she loves it too!!	review_date"
"Poorly manufactured	 coming apart only wore one time. Took 4 1/2 weeks to be delivered.	review_date"
"The top fit nicely	 but the panties were smaller than expected.	review_date"
"Love it great quality	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"As expected and arrived right in time!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Comfy. Fit like I wanted. Material feels great	review_date"
"the color is different and the straps fit weirdly near my armpits.	review_date"
"A little on the cheap looking side. Does not have enough in the breast area for the size ordered.	review_date"
"It is so freaking adorable on	 I love it! Fits well and it is a quality product!	review_date"
"I loved it and the style	 but the size was a little bit miss leading	 when i ordered it thankin it was a large and tried it on the top hugged me to much as a Med. or small	review_date"
"Awesome Nighty for the wife. fits greats looks even better ! Quality made and for the price cant be beat.	review_date"
"Very cute outfit	 but fits smaller than what the size chart indicated	review_date"
"Nice product and fast service	review_date"
"It fit well	review_date"
"It was super cute!!	review_date"
"This was my first buy ever and it was amazing!!	review_date"
"looks great on me and bf loves it	review_date"
"Wore 1 time and the seams split apart.	review_date"
"The color is vibrant	review_date"
"I would recommend it was beautiful on	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Very sexy.	review_date"
"The boob part it to small for it to be and XL	review_date"
"Straps broke and ripped while putting on...waste of money	review_date"
"Came with no panties. Fail. Otherwise it was a sexy top	review_date"
"I am big busted and this is not good for big busted women	review_date"
"Love it! Very cute.	review_date"
"BAE LOVES IT!!	review_date"
"The bust area is a bit tight and the bow in the front was sewn on crooked.	review_date"
"Fits great. Same color as expected.	review_date"
"I bought this as a back up but it鈥檚 so sexy I鈥檓 keeping it.	review_date"
"no comments	review_date"
"They were inside out when I received them and tag wasn't attached. I washed and wear 	 true to size	review_date"
"The material isn't the strongest	 but definitely worth the price. It is cute	 comfortable	 and fits well.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! Color is just like pic	 I bought one in every color for my wife.	review_date"
"Not quality material or sewing!	review_date"
"I like the way it looks. I just cant seem to get the wife to wear anything anymore.	review_date"
"Loved the color and style! Fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I just received my order and tried it on right away. I have to say	 I am in love with this babydoll! I will be buying other colors!	review_date"
"For the price	 it's a very nice item. It did what I wanted it to do!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and is super cute!	review_date"
"Very pretty but it arrived with one of the straps torn.	review_date"
"Fit better than expected. Soft lace.	review_date"
"It is very comfortable. Just worried the tie will rip one day when I move	review_date"
"The materiel sits nicely and is very comfortable to sleep in	review_date"
"Bought for a bachelorette party	 this was her favorite piece!	review_date"
"Fits great... love the material :)	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. I ordered a small and was weary about if it would fit. But it fit great	 definitely would buy again.	review_date"
"Bought for honeymoon... looks great	review_date"
"It fits perfect and it鈥檚 definitely worth getting	review_date"
"Size too small! Order one size up. Looks nice though	review_date"
"Does not fit as expected and mine has holes in the lace	review_date"
"I'm usually a size a medium however it their medium was a bit too small. It's pretty but I can't wear it	review_date"
"Super cute. Was worried because I have DDs so tops are usually too big or too small. This would work for small top or larger top.	review_date"
"For first time customer very satisfied	review_date"
"It was too small around the breast area for me	review_date"
"Perfect.just perfect	review_date"
"I got the size i wear and it was a little tight	review_date"
"Everything fit as expected and was good quality for price.	review_date"
"Lovely fit	 amazing feel and great fit!	review_date"
"Cute \u0026 it fit	review_date"
"The top was cute but quite snug. The panties might have fit it I was 50 pounds heavier.	review_date"
"She's very sexy in the lingerie	 and even sexier with the stockings on even though they are removed after a short while. Thank you	review_date"
"Quality of product is really bad.. Net used is of dull color and not attractive. Don't know why this product is overrated	review_date"
"It fit true to size. The color is a beautiful purple. I love it!	review_date"
"Love the color.	review_date"
"It was the perfect size! It was true to size when I ordered it.	review_date"
"Panties uncomfortable don't fit right but the top is nice	review_date"
"The wife looks beautiful in it	review_date"
"Beautiful! Loved it	review_date"
"Wow	review_date"
"Cute and comfy	review_date"
"I'm 5'2\	 107 lbs	 and 32C bra size - I ordered a small and it fit perfectly!""	review_date"
"Horrible quality and fabric	review_date"
"A little small	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Runs a little small.	review_date"
"A little smaller than expected but it still fits. Very cute	review_date"
"Underwear is nothing like the picture and don鈥檛 fit true to size. Top is great.	review_date"
"This is absolutely adorable! I feel so attractive wearing it and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very beautiful!!!!	review_date"
"It looked amazing on. But did fit big.	review_date"
"I love the fitting. Perfect. Drove my boyfriend crazy.	review_date"
"Love it! I was very hesitant about buying it since I couldn't try on. I'm 5'ft 135 36DD so I'm not average at all. Going by other reviewers I ordered a large. Fits perfectly. Enough stretch to help fit different sizes. Color is very pretty 	 material is very comfortable. The panties don't fit well:fits the waist size 8	loose in the crotch but nothing to noticeable	  but  they aren't for every day wear so it's fine. Overall very excited with my purchase	review_date"
"Came as expected	review_date"
"Little small than what I thought	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"The baby-doll top technically fit but felt really loose at the bust	 even though I was at the upper end of the size range for the size I ordered. The top still had to stretch to fit around me	 so it wasn't falling off or anything	 but it would have been much cuter about four inches tighter. Unfortunately	 the length of the top was perfect so if I sized down it wouldn't have been long enough. I guess I might have made it work if the panties fit (the set is gorgeous!)	 but the panties were WAY to big	 even though my waist size (they didn't give a hip size) was also at the upper end of the range for the size I ordered. The back bottom edge had TWO INCHES of gape on each bum cheek and looked ridiculous. So sad! The fabric was soft and comfortable and the quality was good. I think this would have been darling if I could have sized down	 but with my long waist it wasn't an option. Too bad. Sent it back. I am 5'10\ tall with a long waist and a 37\"" (34D) Bust	 29\"" Waist and 40\"" Hip.""	review_date"
"pretty good	review_date"
"i like the style and the color its so perfect	review_date"
"straps ripped	review_date"
"Poorly made	review_date"
"I bought this for a friend's lingerie party. I wasn't looking to spend a fortune at VS	 so I ordered a couple different babydoll dresses on Amazon to choose from...this was the only one worth buying.I took notes from reviewers and bought a size up	 and the fit was pretty great"
"Love this!!! Will definitely buy more from this seller.	review_date"
"This Is super soft	 very flattering	 and worked great for my honeymoon.	review_date"
"The material is soft and very comfortable!!! I recommend this product!	review_date"
"my wife liked it just didn't come with the underwear	review_date"
"Cute comfortable and soft.	review_date"
"Way to small. Bad quality.	review_date"
"Not for chest heavy women...	review_date"
"Very nice !	review_date"
"Love the fit	 very cute on.	review_date"
"Love love love!! Fits me so well	 better than I expected!!!	review_date"
"Love it! Love the way it feels love how it looks on me just love love love	review_date"
"Fit great and husband loved it.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"The top fits perfectly	 but the panties do fit a little small.	review_date"
"Love it	 super cute and sexy.	review_date"
"Love this	 fits perfect and love the color!	review_date"
"I look amazing in it. Usually wear a 8. Ordered a large.	review_date"
"Great! As expected!	review_date"
"Small in bust area	review_date"
"Was a little to small	review_date"
"it fit great and she looks good in thank very much	review_date"
"For the price it was okay.	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected	 and at a steal. Would buy again.	review_date"
"It runs small.	review_date"
"Soft	 comfortable. Supersedes our expectations.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this outfit 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"The bow fell off soon as I got it but it's not a big deal	 it's still sexy	review_date"
"馃構	review_date"
"Panties were to big for me.  The top fit well	 the strap did tear when tying.	review_date"
"Very cute and feminine	review_date"
"Another great play!!!	review_date"
"馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Made very small. NoGive in the busy area.	review_date"
"This fit like it should and was made nice	review_date"
"Just like the other reviews	 it is small in the chest. I am 105	 34A	 and 5'4. I usually purchase small for the chest but this was even tight on me. I thought the halter would push up a little but it really didn't. The waist and length were perfect. The panties fit perfect too. The material on the halter was made cheap. I would say extremely delicate lol. But it held up just fine and my fianc茅 was wowed. I would buy it again and recommend it.	review_date"
"This was really cute	 and very comfortable.	review_date"
"Sexy and good quality	review_date"
"love the color	review_date"
"Girlfriend loves it and fit her perfectly.	review_date"
"So cutes fits perfect!	review_date"
"Color as beautiful	 fit great!	review_date"
"It's pretty	 but cheaply made and it runs small.I wear a DDD so I ordered the XXL to ensure the top fit. It fit okay	 but was a tiny bit smaller than I hoped it would be. Your chest is supported by two ribbons poorly sewn onto lace	 so I don't have much faith this will hold up for long.The panties were tight even though I expected them to be way too big. I wear a M/L usually for bottoms	 but the XXL undies were tighter than any pair of M or L size ones I own.	review_date"
"Looked better on the model	review_date"
"Pleasantly surprised very cute for the price	review_date"
"Very nice for the price. Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"It was as sexy as I hoped!  The material was a bit thin	 but I loved wearing it!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Pretty an good quality. It just fits small in the chest area.	review_date"
"Nice color good quality	review_date"
"The product was great	review_date"
"Terrible	review_date"
"Ordered a size up because of the other reviews	 glad I did because it fits great. Very sexy. Gives good lift unlike some other lingerie	 great if your bust is on the larger side. Originally bought the purple color	 but it was going to take a month to ship despite saying it was prime eligible. So I decided to buy the black which came in three days. After receiving the black I loved it so much I decided not to cancel my order on the purple.	review_date"
"It fit too small around my bust.	review_date"
"Nice garment but way too small	review_date"
"Fits and sexy	review_date"
"Present that my wife enjoyed very much	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Super soft material	 very nice and stretchy. Love the panties too	 that look very sexy	 provocative	 and sophisticated (nothing to do with those tawdry threads that usually complete the babydolls)I got it as a gift	 so I don't know how it will hold on multiple washings.	review_date"
"Fits good.	review_date"
"If you are really in shape it is cute	review_date"
"Will work later as I have gained wt. Because of surgery and immobility	review_date"
"Looked awesome on my wife	review_date"
"Very Nice!Good Quality!Thank you.	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"Super soft. I love the fun	 bright color. It's so comfortable that I've even worn it to sleep in all night (accidentally	 but with no regrets).The bottoms are kind of a weird fit. The very top band is significantly tighter than the rest of the bottoms	 making it cut in at the hips in a weird way. I don't quite get that	 considering the rest of them fit fine. If a woman could wear them without the top cutting it I feel like the rest of it would be loose on her. Aside from that really minor issue	 they're a wonderful buy.	review_date"
"This is perfect. Color is right on. The lace is so soft.	review_date"
"A lil to small	 but I luv it	review_date"
"Use the size chart and take your measurements.  Very feminine	  soft EXCELLENT QUALITY . Was a little tight in my chest	 if you are busty it may not be for you	 but anything by Advid Love is EXCELLENT and they have a huge selection. Buy with confidence. I am 4\11' size 4 petite 115lbs	  35-25-37 I purchased a small	 the length was perfect but as I noted it was slightly tight in the chest the lace is not stretchy	 but able to wear it. I purchased this item again in a different color because it is so beautiful in a size medium and it was enormous on me. Bra size 34B""	review_date"
"It was a hit!	review_date"
"A little long	 but fits well overall. I ordered a large and am 5'3\ 140ish. The bow is sewn on somewhat crooked and one of the top ribbons looks like it isn't quite sewn all the way across. Other than that I am super excited. I'm not sure how well it will hold up in the wash though.""	review_date"
"The package itself came with a ziplock opening so whenever you want to store it	 you can put the dress in that so it won't get ruined. The dress fot very comfortably for me. Reason why I only put 4 stars is for myself. I should've bought a Medium instead of a small. I'm skinny	 Size 4 in some dresses. But since I have an athletic [wide] back the bust area seemed a little snug. It isn't too tight too the point where I can barely breathe	 no. It's snug where I can walk freely and do some \sexy dance\"" moves to my s/o without feeling out of breathe.The fabric is SUPER COMFY. I feel like I can wear this too sleep even.The panties are so adorable. Perfect match for the top.Conclusion"
"Fit perfect! Loved the outfit!	review_date"
"fit perfect and looks so flattering	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! I got a medium	review_date"
"My husband loved it!	review_date"
"I really didnt like how there was no bra.  It only held in place because it was tightly fitted around the chest and I'm huge (pregnant).  It wouldnt stay up if I was a B cup.  I wont get this again or recommend it.It's also very pink - not at all red	 as the name would suggest.  More \rose	\"" not \""red.\""""	review_date"
"Very nice	 fits wonderfully.	review_date"
"I'm usually a small in most things and decided to go for medium instead. It was still too small. I'm 5	4 and 140 pounds. I have a small bust but large butt and it was way too tight at the top. My boobs looked weird and squished to the extreme	 haha.	review_date"
"This product would have received a 5 star rating if it was not for the fact that it arrived with one of the seams frayed.  The one bust line seam was completely loose (\missed stitched\"").The lace is nice and soft. the colour great. It fits well. All is great bar the bad sowing.""	review_date"
"The material feels good . And its comfortable.	review_date"
"This is the lowest quality and cheaply made garment.  It ripped within 15 minutes of wearing it.  I have never bought lingerie from Amazon and would not again due to this experience.  The seller owes me a refund.  I didn't even wash it and the strap came un-sewed from the garment and cannot be worn again.  Horrible quality!	review_date"
"I was really impressed with the quality of this for the price. I typically wear a size medium clothing but I ordered the large because my chest is a D	 and it fits perfectly...the bottom is not too big	 either.	review_date"
"For the price paid the product is good	review_date"
"thank you	review_date"
"The fit was good.. very comfortable..	review_date"
"Girlfriend loved it	review_date"
"Not a push-up! But still super cute	review_date"
"Its very cute. Sizes def run small. I ordered a large. And my bust size is  a D	 so I just went a head and orsered xxl. Waiting on it to arrive. But the material is not very cheap"
"This is absolutely darling!!  The bow	 the way it ties behind the neck...just whimsically sexy.  The panties are beyond cuteness.  I hated to not be able to give it 5 stars but there are a few areas in quality I was not thrilled with.  First off	 the front bow was sewn on crooked (no biggy	 a 2 min fix with a needle and thread.)  There are multiple strings hanging off seams- I hope they do not come undone.  And my big disappointment was the raw edge at bottom (the entire hem on bottom ruffle is unfinished).  I am wondering how this will hold up after a wearing and washing.  Yes	 I realize I paid under $20 for this but I did another Amazon lingerie purchase on the same day from a different company.  What I ordered was a similiar style	 but it was less expensive and better quality- not quite as cute but the hem was finished and no random strings.  Anyway	 regardless	 I am super happy with my purchase!  Oh and yes be sure to go up at least one or even two sizes...  I wear a size 6 dress and jeans	 36C bra and usually get M.  So happy I went up and ordered a L.  The top fits great but it could not be a bit tighter and still look good	 I probably could have even done an XL (so if you are a D or bigger	 I would highly reccomend going up 2 sizes).  I totally felt for the woman who stated in her review how hard it was to see the XL- Ordering anything larger than a M or 8 used to really bother me- Not anymore!!!  I now look at all my body has done in 44 years"
"It fitted just right.!!!! I Loved it!馃槉馃槉馃槉	review_date"
"Loved it -	review_date"
"Small around the chest	review_date"
"Just tends to run small	review_date"
"top is a little tight	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Great fit.	review_date"
"I bought this after I gave birth to my son trying to spice things up in the bedroom. It is a nice option to cover the stomach area if you are not completely satisfied with your body. The fit is somewhat smaller than I expected	 but I am pretty busty and the support is actually better than I thought it would be. Needless to say my husband loves it!	review_date"
"I'm a petite woman	 so the bottoms were just that side of being too big	 but I understand they have to try and make this fit a broad range of women. The top is REALLY cute	 even for a girl like me who has a size A chest. Very impressed	 and this is coming from a girl who really has a hard time finding things that make me look sexy.	review_date"
"This nightie is great! I worried about the lace being across the breasts because sometimes that is scratchy	 but not this one! It is super soft and the lace is stretchy. It fits great	 feels great	 and is definitely sexy! My husband loved it. :)	review_date"
"The lingire came in the mail and I loved but realized the bow was sawed on wrong so I am not pleased with that. I do love the color tho and the tag wasn't attached so it looks like who offered made it was not paying attention.	review_date"
"Poor quality.  Spandex was frayed	 the whole thing fell apart before I tried it on.  The stiching at the bows was loose and un-did itself with minor handling.  If it were worth the return	 I'd send it back but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"The halter-neck is great for 鈥渉olding up the girls鈥?and for women with larger breasts (I鈥檓 a 36 G).  Shows enough skin to be sexy but is also flattering enough to feel Confident in my 鈥減ost baby鈥?body with about 35 extra lbs.  hubby admired it and I felt good in it so it鈥檚 a win for everyone.	review_date"
"I really like this. It fits exactly as expected and is so soft and the color is vibrant. I'm very happy with this.	review_date"
"I was looking for multiple lingerie outfits for our anniversary trip to the Dominican Republic and I came across this one.  I love the open stomach look because it's more enticing and sexy.  The fabric is fairly soft and durable and has a lace look to it.  My husband seems to like it very much as I tried it on and he had a big smile on his face!The top was a little tight on me and I am in no way a large breasted woman.  I would suggest maybe going up a size if you want or positioning yours a little differently.  The middle section opens up nicely so this doesn't matter for sizing.  The straps on top or comfortable and sit nice no matter the size.I received this product at a discounted rate for my honest review.  I have no affiliation with the seller or manufacturer.	review_date"
"Overall fits well.  I have a large bust	 40D	 it fits a bit awkwardly in that area鈥擨 wish there was more support there.  I tightened the shoulder straps all the way and it helps with support.  Overall it looks attractive on.  For the price	 I would recommend this product	 but be careful with sizing鈥擨 went purchased two sizes larger than I normally wear.  I agree with other reviewers that large busted women were not considered in this design.  I think larger chest/cup sizes than me	 may not like the fit.  I purchased 2XL and normally wear L in shirts.	review_date"
"Too small on top and I'm not big. Very pretty though . nice material. Panties were small too. Pretty color just way to small like USA size 6 with super small chest	review_date"
"I ordered an xl the panties didn't fit and my boobs didn't fit right in the top I  am a size d cup size 	 I used s dif pair of underwear but it got my hubby in the mood but I just felt flustered how it fit and not fit but ya not satisfied cuz I can't return undergarments	review_date"
"Fitted snug I'm could have gone for a large I thi no but I like it the jnderweard is a little loose (size 6 is my size ) I wear a 36d	review_date"
"This is my FAVORITE lingerie I own. I like it better than my stuff from Victoria Secret. It is so comfortable! I would recommend this to everybody! Just follow the rest of the reviews and buy how they suggest. Seriously	 so amazing and comfy.	review_date"
"Like the color a lot.  The overall design and fit are great.  Not a huge fan of the ruffle at the bottom as it looks a little old fashioned to me.  It is a nice piece for the price and the panties are great for the price alone.	review_date"
"Good for smaller bust Women or someone that wants to wear it while pregnant!! Did not like the fact that my stomach stuck out!!	review_date"
"You can't beat the price! Just as nice as VS or Fredericks. I like the zippered pouches they come in for easy storage	review_date"
"any woman would look sexy in this little number ! l LOVE IT ! Comfy and stretchy .Easy on-easy off !!  lol  this is a gorgeous color	review_date"
"I purchased a small. I would say that I am pretty slim. My chest is literally at BARELY A. This dress smooshed my chest so much that I look like a 12 year old wearing it. I would not recommend unless you are extremely blessed.	review_date"
"product was ripped and had holes... I am very disappointed. I would not recommend this product to anyone.	review_date"
"Such a sexy piece. The colors are vibrant	 the fit is perfect	 and the style works for all body shapes and sizes. Anything that can showcase both slender and thick bodies is worth your money!	review_date"
"Sexy and cute with an enticing front split. Material is light and I can understand how it can be easily damaged	 but as long as you or your lover don't rip it to shreds the first use	 it will provide an edgy experience more than once.	review_date"
"This set is super cute and ridiculously comfy! I was thinking I bought it too big bc of how good it felt lol. I was expecting it to tight and kinda dig into my skin a little but it didn't at all! The only issue I had is that the undies were too big. They'd fit better if I had a bigger butt lol	 but since I don't I just cut and re sewed them to fit better. Now they fit much better. Overall nice set.	review_date"
"Pretty and flirty is what this piece offers. The material is soft enough to sleep in. My boyfriend said I look like a present for him to unwrap	 this is a good piece to set a romantic evening.	review_date"
"After the reading the reviews	 I ordered a size up	 Im usually a medium	 so I got a large and yep it fit perfectly. I dont think the material is the best	 but its still a cute garment!	review_date"
"I feel great wearing this cute little sexy outfit!	review_date"
"Very sexy and cute! My husband loved it on me!	review_date"
"High quality lingerie for a more affordable price.	review_date"
"Kind of a small fit	 but still doable \u0026 very sexy.	review_date"
"It was nicely packaged	 pretty color	 per the reviews I bought a size larger but the bottom was too baggy for my butt (I don't have a small or large butt). Returned.	review_date"
"Top fit but the bottoms are enormous. Should have separate sizing if you're busty but small on the bottom. Husband liked it of course.	review_date"
"Awful. The XXL fits like a M/L. I put it on and barely tugged it to adjust	 and the lace ripped. I hate it and I want my money back.	review_date"
"Broke when I try it on.. I would NOT waste my money..	review_date"
"The body and underwear are great but the straps are terrible. Ripped as I was tying jt	review_date"
"Not very flattering. Im not a huge girl but i felt like this made me feel less beautiful than what i was hoping for.	review_date"
"I ordered several things from Amazon	 all in small	 and this was the only one that didn't fit perfectly. It was just a little on the tight side	 so probably order up a size. Soft material and the color looked exactly like it does in the picture. Off it it is very pretty	 but because it was tight and the cut wasn't very flattering on me I returned it.	review_date"
"It's a really cute and sexy babydoll but the only thing I didn't like was that it was see through in the breast area	review_date"
"I love this! I bought a large and I'm a 36DDD and the spandex bodice holds me up! I absolutely love this!!	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece. I absolutely loved the color but sadly I ha to return it for a bigger size. I'm super excited to get it back in the right size to see how it really looks!	review_date"
"Its beautiful style	 but the fabric is too poor! I know its cheap	 but very poor fabric.	review_date"
"Fit as excepted but the material was thin and ripped on the first wear.	review_date"
"Sexy yet innocent ! must get . size small 110 pounds 5 ft fit perfect.	review_date"
"Awful! Cheap material and strings come off. I ordered a large and i got a small. Dont waste your money.	review_date"
"This was a gift for my wife and she loves it! Great fit!!	review_date"
"Set comes with babydoll top and panties. Very nice material	 fast shipping. Definitely recommend	review_date"
"My wife likes it except it is to small based on the size stated	review_date"
"It just did not fit. The underwear was made too big to be a small size.	review_date"
"a little snug but I adore it.	review_date"
"Cute but WAAAAY TO SMALL	review_date"
"Not for large-breasted women. I'm a 38D and my girls were popping out obscenely. It's a cute outfit. though.	review_date"
"Reasonable quality for the price	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Very cute	 but poorly sewn. The entire side of the top was not attached properly when it was originally sewn together. As soon as I pulled the top on	 the material separated where it was sewn together.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"The lace rips very easily	 and the elastic threads show after one wear.	review_date"
"Loved!! I am 36D and got a M. I am 4'11. It fit perfect. A little tight on my breast but no problem becAuse it gives support to the girls 馃榿 beautiful to wear and also comfy	review_date"
"Beautiful but not made for \plus size\"" woman I am 5'7 and 200 lbs the 3xl is way to small and small on my boobs""	review_date"
"I was disappointed in the sizing in this as it was too small but the material and quality was alright.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for. Don鈥檛 expect it to last...	review_date"
"Runs very small	review_date"
"The outfit is really cute. The only probably is that the strap ripped on the first time I tried it on	review_date"
"It's not made very well	 but it's definitely sexy.	review_date"
"do not buy	review_date"
"Too was too small but bottoms were really nice!	review_date"
"WAY too small.	review_date"
"Cute but cheaply made and too small- order one size larger than normal.	review_date"
"It is made for a tiny person. Which is not me.	review_date"
"I received the item poorly sewn. I expected it to be sewn well and wearable when it arrives	 but it was not.	review_date"
"Love this baby doll!  Looks much more expensive than it is.  I really like the bow detail and the lacy thong is really cute.	review_date"
"Horrible how do I return	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 123lbs and a 32D bust. This fit as expected and is nice quality.	review_date"
"Ran smaller than sizing chart sizes	review_date"
"Does not stay in place vibe is weak I'm big and it still moved down and to the side not a happy customer	review_date"
"had a hole in the lace right out of the package.	review_date"
"Just what I wanted	review_date"
"Returned.....ran really small	review_date"
"Ithem missing in my mail. Whats going on?	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful	 but too small!!	review_date"
"It looks nothing like the picture	review_date"
"i bought this i love it	review_date"
"Way too small...very disappointed	review_date"
"You get what you pay for.  edges were frayed and ribbon is unraveling out of the box.  haven't even worn	 if i was able to return i would	 but i missed the deadline.	review_date"
"Loooooooove this ! Fits as expected and love the material. Can't wait to wear it for my special man. I will def recommend this for others. Also	 Fits as expected so the size is true	 i ordered a L and i'm like a 7-8 size in pants and fits fine. I am loving the material and how it feels. I would definitely be ordering different style from this seller. I did not expect it to be that nice when i got it. Very excited about it!!!!	review_date"
"This is okay. It's cute	 but very cheaply made	 which is understandable for the price. I don't regret buying it but my straps are too widely spread apart	review_date"
"crazy small and the quality	 while on-par with the price	 just doesn't feel okay.	review_date"
"I ordered 2 sizes big and it's still TOO small! The fit for your ladies is EXTREMELY small!!! I'm not happy! Waste of money! When it arrived it smelled like B.O! It was HORRIBLE!	review_date"
"Too small in the breast area for the size.	review_date"
"Really soft material and so pretty. The reason for the 1 star is the fact that when I opened it to wear the first time	 the right side of the halter pulled right off! It didn't rip though. It wasn't sewn properly and the thread just came right out. I was really disappointed since this was my first lingerie I bought and wore since I had my daughter and now it's too late to return it. Oh well....	review_date"
"The fit was pretty weird all round	review_date"
"Hreat fit	review_date"
"poor quality	review_date"
"It was the wrong thing.. didn鈥檛 even get what the picture shows	review_date"
"Love love love! Super comfortably and fits great! I ordered a small. I鈥檓 5鈥? and bra size is 32A but is stretchy material it鈥檚 not constructing	review_date"
"Just not my style	review_date"
"He didn't like	 and he loves everything I wear.  Not much support for the girls	 and I just look for a tiny bit of support in lingerie. (D).  Color wasn't flattering	 cheap looking on me.  HOWEVER	 nicely made and fit well.	review_date"
"Although the top fits perfectly and I would love to give 5 stars	 but I won't 	 It says a \set\"" in the description.  It says \""set\"" on the packaging.  The bottoms are shown in the picture.  The bottoms were not in the package and I never received a response to my inquiry about it.""	review_date"
"When I opened it I was pleased to see consistent stitching and soft texture. The mesh is smooth to the touch and very comfortable to wear. The lace design is very pretty and the entire thing makes me feel sexy as hell. The shape of the babydoll is particularly flattering around the bust and the length skirts nicely my bottom. It definitely made me feel alluring and gave my boyfriend enough of a glimpse to want to see more. However	 I am 5'3 and 112lbs so I'm a petite woman. If you're taller than me	 it will definitely come higher up your thighs	 just skimming your bottom	 which would be very sexy. The lace is pretty and soft	 too	 and definitely looks more expensive than the price point.I like how this piece can be adjusted with the satin bow in the back.The satin bow is not uncomfortable and feels smooth to the touch. The slit in the middle is quite flattering and my guy likes the easy access with the view. I also like twirling in it and watching the ruffles swoosh in the mirror. Normally lingerie gets ripped off pretty quick in our bedroom but this was one that stayed on as the feel of the babydoll along with the way it held my breasts definitely added to the experience. I love that it's just long enough to cover the goods but short enough to remind my boyfriend they are there. All in all	 a very sexy outfit for bed	 or the boudoir!For full disclosure	 I received this item at a discounted price or for free in return for my honest and unbiased review after using the product. I am not influenced by the seller to leave a review other than what I honestly believe it should receive. I hope that you have found this review helpful and feel free to ask any questions. I will do my best to answer them.	review_date"
"I was so happy when this package got delivered. The packaging was discreet even though I knew what was inside. I ordered the sea foam green and it's gorgeous! This nighty is soft and silky to the touch. It fit me as expected. It's comfortable to wear but it's so sexy that I promise it won't stay on for very long. I was surprised by how fast I received this order. I'm very happy with my purchase and I'm looking forward to ordering from Avidlove again!	review_date"
"Strap broke on first wear!	review_date"
"not good	review_date"
"The Sexy Nightwear Halter Lace Strap Chemise Babydoll Lingerie Set is perfect! It fits as expected if you go by the size chart. I am 5'5	 140lbs	 with a 36 D chest and the XL fits me perfect. It is very well made and the material is soft and not itchy. The stitching is perfect and adds a nice touch to this piece to make it sexy yet elegant and beautiful. The straps are very soft and the bow is perfectly placed and very soft as well.The top ties around the neck so you can adjust it to your preference and it helps keeps chest lifted and in place.I picked the purple/magenta one and it is a beautiful color. Matches the color in the picture. (Although my camera had a hard time showing the true color)The panties are very pretty and fit great as well.I love this set	 it is sexy and beautiful! Also very light weight and comfortable.I would highly recommend this set and love it so much i will probably buy a couple other colors as well.I received this product for free or a discounted price in exchange for my 100% honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"came ripped. not happy.	review_date"
"Very cheap quality material. Looks too cheap. Don't buy at all.	review_date"
"Came way too small	review_date"
"I love this nightwaear set. It is so cute. Perfect for romance. The material is light and comfortable with has been great for these hot nights. I ordered an XL and it fits perfect I'm 5 foot 3 and 170 pounds the underwater part was a little big but the top fit just right. I like that parts of the set are see through as well. This could make a great bridal shower gift. I plan to buy more in different colors but I love the purple one I got. It is comfortable enough to ware for a long period of time. The set is machine washable I washed it with my normal laundry and dried it. I deffanily recommend this set it is just so cute. I love the front opening it adds style. I received this product free in exchange of my honest opinion and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I am totally in-love with all the products i have received from Avidlove. This lingerie has an awesome cut design to it. The design is unique and very flattering. Love the halter style. The material is super soft and not hot at all. This lingerie offers the right amount of lace	 just enough to be revealing and enough to cover-up a little. The lace is soft and not scratchy. The quality is great	 the stitching is well done. They offer a great variety of different colors which are very vibrant. I order a XXL and I wear a size 14-16 and it fit very well. I just love all the products I have received from Avidlove.I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I received this item at a discount in exchange for an honest review. I ordered a size small because I usually wear a size small in women's clothing and lingerie and it fits perfectly. I am 125 lbs and 5'7\ tall. I love this lingerie. It is so so sexy and feels amazing on!  I ordered the pink color and it is gorgeous! I really love the top of the outfit as I think it's sexy cute! My husband also is enjoying me wearing it. I am highly impressed with avidloves products as they are great quality for an affordable price. I will be wearing this a lot!""	review_date"
"One star for timely delivery	 another star for color. It was a bit small. The bow was crooked. The material looks cheap. Maybe I'm just not a fan of the meshy look with satin. The left strap tore from the lace part at the chest when I simply lifted it up to tie behind my head	 which I ended up not even doing. The look is kinda strange too	 as it's sheer everywhere	 dunno how to describe it	 but it's probably just not my style. I bought this after reading many reviews	 but I'll be returning this	 sadly.	review_date"
"That has to be another favorite for me. I like how it supports my chest when I sleep so I'm not falling out. The fabric is light and comfortable. With all these products I recomend getting 2 sizes up. They run small. So if you wear a 36 up top then get an extra large. If you wear a34 up top get a large. This washes well in cold water and air dryed quickly. I got this product at a discounted price for my honest review and I'm very happy with it.	review_date"
"super cute and way more comfy than expected	....  I ended up buying all colors that would look good on me	  I am super happy with this purchase and so is my BF!!! comfy and sexy	 perfect and delivery I was shocked on the speed!!!	review_date"
"If you want to feel sexy and hide those \flaws\"" all at the same time I highly recommend buying this product! I ordered the black	 because black always makes me feel thinner and sexier and actually I could have ordered any color because this made me feel like I looked AMAZING! The way the top fits is perfect. It fits the bust area great and makes the girls look like they were made for this top. And the way it is open just enough to show your belly yet is lose fitting is great. As a mom of 3 I don't always feel like I look good when it comes to lingerie and this is one that I would wear over and over in	 and I know my husband won't complain hehe!I usually wear a size xl	 pants size 14 so I went ahead and ordered a 1x. It came with undies that are really comfy and actually quite well made too! The material is soft and stretchy. The fabric flows as it looks like it would and it fits me pretty perfectlyThe price is great	 and I will be ordering more from this company that is for sure.""	review_date"
"I've never bought lingerie before	 let alone anything offline. So i wasn't sure what to expect	 especially since i have A cup boobs	 am 5'3 and am more overweight in my stomach area. The good news	 is it fit nicely. And was very comfortable. I bought it as a surprise for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved it. If you're considering buying this piece	 i would strongly suggest it. I felt sexy and comfortable when wearing it and you can't go wrong with that.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy. I love the panty that comes with it. Ordered a medium. I'm 155 lbs	 5\3 and bust 34b.""	review_date"
"This was a wedding gift for a friend. It's very stretch	 like a tube top almost. This is going to work well for her as she's fairly flat chested	 but still feels sexy. The halter neck makes it adjustable too. She was glad to have a set that didn't come with a g-string too!	review_date"
"I love this!! I bought to wesr for a boudoir shoot	 \u0026 it fits great! Im a full 36 DDD 	 5\8	 175 lbs and I ordered a XXL \u0026 it fit great and has some support to it as well. It's gorgeous outfit. I gave 4 stars because it came wrinkled .""	review_date"
"Feels like better quality for the price	review_date"
"I ordered the rose red color and it's such a pretty and bright pink	 definitely brings out your skin tone especially if you have a tan going on right now.  Comes with some lacy cheeky panties which makes this set even more sexy	 the top part has a silky ribbon that ties around the neck to hold your assets up and lacy top with bow in front	 see thru and it's a peek a boo open front which is adorable.  I love the feel of this set	 soft and silky and I feel sexy in it even as a plus size momma.  I normally wear a 14/16 and I ordered the xxl and it fit fine.  My husband loves this on me as well so this is definitely a keeper!!  This set also seems very well made	 much better than I expected to receive	 I'm very pleased with it.I did receive this item at a discount for my honest unbiased review.	review_date"
"The straps are attached under the armpits	 so you can't actually tie it correctly. It's really cute	 soft	 and very flattering but because of the straps just doesn't work. I'm returning it	 but I would love to just get a new one if I was sure it would be made correctly.	review_date"
"I got this in a size Small for a friend's bachelorette party (she normally wears a 2). I'm sorry I can't be more help with the fit. But the fabric is amazing. The lace and dress are surprisingly soft and light. The dark violet is true to the image.	review_date"
"Beautiful nightwear fits me perfectly I'm 5'6 180lb I got xxl and love it! It's very lacey and easy to put on and even though I do have a tummy I feel sexy with it on and my bf loves it! Looking for a very sexy nightwear to excite your partner  look no further he or even she will love it!  I even washed it and it's easy to wash and still looks new! I received this for a unbiased review	review_date"
"This is such a cute baby doll style nighty. The top is made of a mixture of materials. Lace	  the see through fabric and silk like ribbons. It ties into a halter. The lace goes across the chest giving a little peek of what's underneath. The body of the top splits under the breasts with ruffles. Super cute. The panties fit a little tight on me by that's because I'm a little bigger on the bottom. Iwear a size 6-7 panty abs a 34c bra. The panties ruin a little small whole the top is pretty true to size. The panty is in boy short style. It's an adorable piece.Disclaimer: Received product at a discount for my unbiased and honest opinion.  All opinions are my own.	review_date"
"I fit into large women's clothing and it can be a challenge to find something to feel and look sexy in. Love the way this fits in the breast area. Love the panties that go with it. I have the light blue one and it looks great again my porcelain skin.	review_date"
"I have always had issues with having a small cup size and lingerie flattering my petite body type but this definitely did that! It was a tad large but it fit very well overall.	review_date"
"No bra support but looks cute with a bra!	review_date"
"good quality but strings too large and lingerine too small	review_date"
"WOW! Love how it's both cute and sexy! Can't wait to come home tonight	review_date"
"It is so simple but very sexy! I can鈥檛 believe the quality for the price!	review_date"
"Top fits perfectly but the bottoms are way to big	review_date"
"loved it looks exactly like that	review_date"
"I love this. Im giving it 5 stars because it is totally worth the cheap price. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?\u0026 about 195-200 lbs. I ordered the 2x..  It was a little big	 but once I tightened the top straps all the way up it was much better. An XL would鈥檝e been good too I think. There鈥檚 not much support in the chest area	 but again the adjustable straps helped that. The parties are comfy and very flattering.	review_date"
"This babydoll is very cute for plus size ladies.  I am 5'4\ and about 265	 a pear shape.  I wear size 22-24 on top and 26-28 on bottom and am not big busted (a B cup).  I ordered this in a 4x.  This babydoll has soft lace cups that have some stretch to them	 so they fit me very well	 but would also probably work for women with a little bit larger bust.  The band underneath the cups also has plenty of give to it	 so I actually think that the 4x would fit ladies who are somewhat bigger than me	 but it does not hang on me.  It is a nice close fit without being tight or clingy.The bottom part is sheer	 and in case you missed it (I did)	 it is OPEN IN THE BACK!  This has a flattering fit that does not cling to me	 but hangs well and is very pretty.It does come with a very cute pair of panties	 but don't expect them to fit.  Mine did not.  They probably would have if wore the same size on the bottom as I do on the top though	 so they might fit some ladies just fine.  For me	 they were \""close but not quite\""!""	review_date"
"I was SO EXCITED to get this cute outfit. It fit amazing. I wear a size 20 and the xxl fit perfect. The one thing I would say is if you are fuller in the breast area I would order a size up. I鈥檓 a D and the cup size was pretty snug. Over all it felt super light.For the panties.. I have a tummy and they fit perfectly over to complement my body. Over are very impressed with the product and the price.	review_date"
"Sexy	 comfy	 and Inexpensive	 XL聽I am 5'10\+ and 230ish pounds. I am a 38DD	 and a 14/16 jeans. This is comfy	 gorgeous	 and perfect for the price. My product was in perfect condition. The top offers no real support	 but it made for lots of fun. The lace is smooth and perfect!聽""	review_date"
"I love it! I am 320 lbs. 44 C/D. I got a 4X and it was a lil big but it fit perfect for what I like. Probably could have gone a size smaller though and been fine. So perfect!	review_date"
"The strap was sewed on backwards	 which borthered me at first. But honestly I鈥檓 the only one that noticed and it鈥檚 not like I wear it long 馃槀馃槀馃し馃徏鈥嶁檧锔廡he panties are great tho	 they are super cheeky. You get what you pay for	 it was cheap and it鈥檚 still really cute and comfy even tho it鈥檚 flawed	review_date"
"I bought the 2XL for my friend as a bachelorette gift. The lace is nice and not scratchy. The straps are durable. The feel of the fabric surprise me for the price of it and the color is a perfect shade of black for an October honeymoon. She loved it and can't wait to surprise her groom. I'm going to give details on her size	 she is 5'9 in height and 225 pounds and wears size 18 jeans	 and is a 38 C in bra. Given that the order includes a panty	 that should go along in size. I was not satisfied with the panty	 I didn't give her the one that came with the order. The band was like shoe string	 the whole design of it was cheap and not comfortable for anyone to wear for even a minute. I went and bought her another black panty that goes nice with the lingerie. I did include pictures of the original panty so you can see why I didnt give it to her. Overall great find and good for the price. Naughty and Nice	 Victoria's Secret stores are expensive and Spencer's stuff is not made to last nor worth the money spent on what they call lingerie. If you are on a budget since weddings  get expensive from wedding gift/bridal shower gift/bachelorette gift then choose this lingerie and save your pocket book馃槉	review_date"
"I gave it 3 starts because the back isn't as \supportive as I would have like	 and I thought the abnd and round waist was a little flimsy. Simply said you have to have the body type pictured on the model in order to pull this off.If you have any type of back fat/love handles it simply will not look like it does on her.It came fast	 and I loved the color	 its more of a \""Merlot\"" (blood red) as it described. Very pretty.""	review_date"
"Really enjoying this sexy red outfit.  ^__^	review_date"
"This outfit was a complete hit with my boo!!! I wear a 3x normally but decided to size up just for good measure and I'm glad I did. Outfit fit just right	 especially the underwear.  Most underware that comes with lingerie doesnt really fit	 either it's too big or too small. These fit perfectly and that opening in the back of the outfit is sexy as hell!!! You surely will not be disappointed with this piece.	review_date"
"Giving it three stars only bc the top fit way better than the bottom. I normally wear an xl but I ordered a 2x bc u know this is Chinese sizing which runs way smaller than American sizes. Well the bottom barely covered the front n back but in a way I guess that鈥檚 the purpose of this outfit? Haha. It fit more like a very small bikini bottom. The top fit way better and will be used more often. It鈥檚 pretty n flattering for a plus sized girl.	review_date"
"The 2x fit me really well	 which was a struggle because lingerie almost never fits on the top.  I possibly could have opted for just plain XL	 as I usually buy L or XL in shirts	 but I wanted to allow for extra bust (38 DDD) and movement room.  However	 if you're less busty never fear	 there aren't defined cups	 so you can simply tighten the straps to whatever works for you.  The bust area isn't built up with support	 so if you want supportive/shaping/fitted cups look elsewhere.  There really isn't much to the paired underwear	 but I've found that to be the norm with pairs like this.  Additionally	 I have a longer torso and frequently find even regular bras don't have enough strap length	 and that wasn't at all a problem with this nightgown.No	 it's not super high quality	 but it's remarkably comfortable and nice looking for being only $14.  Both the lace and the chiffon are soft and have stretch.  I washed it on delicate in a bag	 laid flat to dry	 and it came out just fine.  It was just the thing I was looking for to feel pretty	 and I'd feel comfortable purchasing from this company again.	review_date"
"I wear a size 16 jeans and xl shirt. C cup size. I ordered a xxl and it fits great! The undies are very cute too. I could have been fine in a size XL it has a lot of stretch room! I love this cute product	review_date"
"I normally wear a size 24 pants	 20 top and I bought the 4XL. I love it! Considering the small amount of time you鈥檒l be wearing it	 I don鈥檛 see a reason to spend a ton on it personally. 鈽猴笍馃槈	review_date"
"OMG! I鈥檓 always hesitant to buy these things online BUT I lucked out!  Perfect!  Cute. Flattering and the panties fit too!  4鈥?1 180lbs 38D. This stuff is meant to be worn for fun so of course the support isn鈥檛 that great BUT it has adjustable straps	 I put them as tight as they go and they hold my not so perky girls up \u0026 look cute too!	review_date"
"This is super cute. For my bigger breasted girls (like I am) there is absolutely no support. It ended up being not as nice as I would have liked	 but I didn鈥檛 keep it on long because of the smell. When I got it in the mail it smelled of mildew and I can鈥檛 get the smell out. So I鈥檓 not to sure what I鈥檓 going to do with it.	review_date"
"This item fit amazing! It fits exactly as expected. I am 5ft and 224 lbs	 I mostly carry my weight in my chest	 stomach and legs. I typically wear a 2 x and that is what I ordered the underwear fit snug but looked great. The only issue if I had one was that the straps that hold your chest up were a bit thin and did not offer much support however they are adjustable but it wont be on very long anyway! Loved the look and price!!	review_date"
"What I received was nothing like the picture that I was suppose to get. The material was cotton instead of lace. It was all wrong. The only thing that was right was the color. I was very disappointed	review_date"
"Beautiful deep red. Okay material for what you are paying for. I ordered a 3xl and I am a size 16/ 44DD/46D. It fit ok	 but my back far bulged a little over the sides of the band. Also my breasts were too big for the top. The triangles should have been slightly wider to hold the side of the breasts in. But it鈥檚 not a bad garment. I would suggest ordering a size up if you have large breasts.	review_date"
"The baby doll itself is beautiful. I am a size 18 and a 42D. The baby doll has straps that tightened which was nice and that material felt nice a soft. However	 there is no support in the cups whatsoever (I tried tightening the straps but it didn鈥檛 really make a difference). If you don鈥檛 have 鈥減erky鈥?girls you might not like the look. The panties are a joke	 no way do they fit to size. I would recommend using your own lace panties.	review_date"
"Flimsy junk. I expected it to be somewhat inexpensive feeling but I've had better-constructed paper towels in my life.	review_date"
"This item was awfullllll! The cup area was not a 鈥渃up鈥?at all but rather a flat triangle of fabric- it鈥檚 almost as if it pushed your boobs out the sides! It wasn鈥檛 that it was too big or too small- the waistline fit fine- it鈥檚 the way the fabric was cut and sewn that was simply extremely poor quality work! Total waste of money! I鈥檝e now purchased a similar item from Lane Bryant and it is amazing how nice it is and fits correctly where it should. This product was terrible!!	review_date"
"Beautiful blue	 soft lace	 thick ribbon hem adds a nice touch to it. The straps are adjustable for a more custom fit to hold up the ladies. No other adjustment can be made . The lace cups have some stretch to em. The panties are made out of the same lace	 very beautiful but unfortunately they don鈥檛 fit well. They seem to be cut weird or something	tooo bad they are so cute. I鈥檓 5鈥? 200lbs 38/40DD. Great piece overall  very comfy	review_date"
"5 2' 185lbs 40DD breasts got size XXXL. It fits my breasts well but it goes clear down to my knees. The back takes some work to open because there is so much extra fabric. Panties are way too big and bottom line	 I do not feel sexy in it. I got Red for V-day	 hopefully my husband will like it more than me.	review_date"
"The overall fit is good	 but the breast portion is much smaller than needed for the size I ordered... so if you have large breasts	 do not expect them to properly fit as shown in pic of product!  But hubby still LOVES it :)	review_date"
"I normally wear a 2x and I purchased a 2x. I recommend going 1 size larger especially if you have big breasts	 I'm a 40DDD	 all I needed was a but more material around the breast area. Otherwise	 it's a very nice set and great price. I recommend it to spice up your love life.	review_date"
"Sexy but my 46DD boobs are barely held up by the halter top. If you're large chested	 just expect to not have much	 if any	 support. Otherwise the fit was good. Bottoms fit nicely. I normally wear a 24 in women's clothing.	review_date"
"Love it.  I upsized just in case but I wouldn鈥檛 have needed to.  It still fits fine just not as open in the back but that鈥檚 okay.  Can鈥檛 wait to wear it	review_date"
"He liked it more than I did	 the panties were nonexistent. It is open farther up the back than I had hoped but it fot the job done.	review_date"
"Ok so I used their sizing chart and it is a little bit bigger than I'd like but I'm not complaining because this is gorgeous! It is see through in the chest area too and like most lingerie like this there's no support for the chest but I still love it! So will my man when he sees it!	review_date"
"I read the reviews carefully and I ordered one size up and this fit perfectly. Not much support (as expected) but after reading the reviews I adjusted the straps and they helped! A great value for the money and perfect gift for my husband and I !	review_date"
"Bought an XXL. I'm 5'4\ and generally wear an XL top and size 16 jeans. I sized up thinking this would run quite small. The bust area fits well (38DD for reference) but the babydoll is WAY too long for me. It's halfway to my knees. I'm thinking an XL might have been a bit better	 I would order your true size.""	review_date"
"Very flattering for plus size figures. Quality is good and the fabric is soft and comfortable. The rose color is beautiful	 not too bright but not pastel	 and the black is a crisp black	 not faded or muted.  Im 5'3 and 215 (size 16) 38ddd and the xxl fit perfectly like in the picture.	review_date"
"I loved everything about it. The bra area was adjustable in the back and good support. The lace is a great stretchy material that I was happy about. It didnt feel too sensitive and I didn't have to worry about rips. I'm buying the red one next cus I'm obsessed.	review_date"
the boob triangles are a bit small. But what can it hurt if the boobs don't fit all the way 
"Bottoms were made for someone will no belly or butt. They barely covered anything and we鈥檙e super small. The top was nice but didn鈥檛 fit how I expected. Too much material on the sides of the cup. For reference I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?200lbs size 14/16 42 D.	review_date"
"I bought this for my girlfriend who is a bigger girl (4X). The main top piece fit perfectly and I thought she looked sexy in it. The panties however did not fit over her butt so she was not able to wear them. Overall	 still enjoyed it.	review_date"
"I had ordered this as a gift for a bachelorette party. But ended up keeping it and buying a replacement. This runs small. I am normally a medium	 this lingerie fits me perfectly. Beautiful pice	 so read the size chart	 not just the reviews.	review_date"
"Love this! For the price it was great. The chest area is a little small and has little support	 so if you are someone that is expecting this to lift it will not. But my husband loved it! It was really comfortable and stretchy. I will most likely buy more in other colors.	review_date"
"I bought the merlot one. It's a very pretty color and fits everywhere great except in the breast area. I wear a DDD or F depending and it literally covers just my nipples and some boob with major side boob. If you have big boobs	 do not buy this. Underwear fit great though.	review_date"
"I feel beautiful. I'm a 40DDD	 size 14 pants	 16 top and ordered the XL and it fits perfectly! I ordered blue and it looks exactly like the photo. Very satisfied	review_date"
"I'm usually skeptical of buying lingerie online as I am unusually sized and most 'plus sized' is either too big in the bust or too small around the belly/waist. This was absolutely PERFECT and true to size. I love it and so does my husband.	review_date"
"It is beautiful. It fit perfectly.  I would have given it 5 stars but the thong panties are too small. I ordered a 2 XL and the panties are more like a large. It was worth it just to get the right size in the top.	review_date"
"The merchandise met all my expectations and more	but I wish girlfriend didn't notice a quarter sized hole located in the bra area	when she tried it on for the first time.I'm interested in purchasing other colors of this peice	but keep the damaged merchandise PLEASE	review_date"
"Love love love this. Fits perfect. Adjustable straps. The red is a darker cherry red	 not a bright red but not a merlot/burgundy either. My husband is a butt man and we love anything with an open back "
"Product is well made but I have no support at all in the breast area. I am a much larger chested person and felt very uncomfortable with no support.	review_date"
"I got 2 of these and the colors and material is pretty decent. I am giving it 3 stars because it's supposed to cater to plus size but the breast area has no support.	review_date"
"I bought the extra large and it was so small	 I can't even wear it. It's built for a size 4 with B cup breasts at best. Very disappointing.	review_date"
"Love this set! It's very flattering! The panties are a lot lower waisted than I'm used to	 but I guess that's to be expected with lingerie. For reference	 I'm 5'3\ 225 pounds	 C cup	 and I bought a xxl. It was very snug in the breast area	 but I suppose that's a good thing. It's very comfortable""	review_date"
"If you have saggy boobs it鈥檚 not to cute but if you have fairly round or full boobs then it鈥檚 fine. I鈥檒l have to wear a bra sadly so idk if I鈥檒l be using this	review_date"
"I needed about one size bigger	 but that's my fault not the companies. It's a fairly decent babydoll	review_date"
"Great lingerie. Only drawback is that it comes with a chemical smell but that goes away once you wash it!	review_date"
"MAN!! Fellas this is the perfect sexy piece to spice things up. If your girl is heavy cheated this will fit her just right and give her the lift and support she needs. If she has DD cups you might want to go a size up like I did but also check the size chart.	review_date"
"I bought the blue one in a 4X I'm 5'2\ 260lbs 42 DDD and a size 18. The 4X was slightly too large under the bust and the material over the breasts don't completely cover which is not a problem. I probably could have gotten the 3X.  I love it and can't wait to wear it for my husband.""	review_date"
"Got this as a gift to my girlfriend. Underwear were small	 but the top fit her just fine. She loves it on her	 and I love it in her too. Hahaha.	review_date"
"Size up like most has said before. Very good quality. Only wish there was a little more support in the chest area.	review_date"
"Nice set for the price	 but plan on using a different set of panties if you are larger than a medium I would imagine. I'm a bigger person and I ordered my usual size for foreign made lingerie (5x)my bra size Is 42C and the top fit perfectly with a little adjusting of the straps. Now the underwear included was a different story. While it technically fit its nothing at all like what's pictured which is a little bit of coverage in the front and full on thong in the back. At least not the set I received. I got zero coverage in the front and a single piece of lacy thong from front to the back no coverage at all. Wouldn't be bad if I were a size 6 here but cmon! Good thing I have a very cute pair of lacy boy shorts in this exact color that shows off the assets well (check for Barbara's here	 you'll find them. The navy pair matches perfectly) Otherwise	  it is a very flattering set on and the fit and fabric is very nice. It seems like it will last a good while as well.	review_date"
"This fits amazing! I鈥檓 so self conscious about my body but I felt great in this. I just ordered my normal t shirt size and it fit great!	review_date"
"This fits almost as expected . It鈥檚 a racer back with adjustable straps . I鈥檓 5鈥? and wear a 46D . I ordered a 4x but could of gotten away with a 3x. The 4x is a little large in the straps but I just made them as tight as it would go but if I had gotten a size smaller would鈥檝e gotten more breast support. Either way it is still super sexy and super soft 	 long enough to cover belly and the open back is sexy . Definitely a winner for the husband .	review_date"
"Met my expectations.... comfortable and fit well.  Which is hard for to find bc I'm top heavy. And my guy loved it.  Loved the material	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy on. And I can鈥檛 believe the underwear that came in the set FIT. Usually it鈥檚 a one size fits all undies that come in lingerie sets online.. but these are stunning!	review_date"
"Yeah it鈥檚 nice. Doesn鈥檛 hold the birds in very well. Well	 I probably would have saved money if I just went to Joann鈥檚 and got some red tule and just made a cape. That鈥檚 pretty much what this is. It鈥檚 cute but if you have big birds they probably won鈥檛 be contained!	review_date"
"I did not expect great quality for the price	 but you get what you pay for.As a plus size person I was not impressed.	review_date"
"Did the job my best friend was lookin very beautiful In this I wanted to eat and lick on her all day lol but it was nice will be buying more	review_date"
"Very happy with this product. Fits great. I鈥檓 a 24-26 so I ordered the 4x to be on the safe side.probably could have went with the 3x. But my bust is large so it fits great. Would def buy again or recommend. Got here super fast.	review_date"
"Not true to size. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? around 230lbs.	 40D	 and there鈥檚 major spillage in the boob area	 which is not attractive. I ordered my normal size that I wear	 XL	 and it鈥檚 too small. It is seductive and cute	 but order a size up.	review_date"
"My favorite piece I鈥檝e gotten from amazon. Good quality and	 miraculously	 the panties fit as well. I鈥檝e gotten others where the underwear were an entirely different size. It鈥檚 beautiful	 flattering	 and the top is adjustable to keep the girls a little perkier!	review_date"
"fits great. its relatively soft	 not silky but closer to a tightly woven fishnet stocking. feels great	 fits great	 looks great.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 know why I thought this would fit???  It 鈥渇its鈥?but it does fit if you know what I mean. It will do the job I guess.	review_date"
"No boobie support at all but it is nicely constructed.	review_date"
"I really did like this	 but I am a D cup	 and the breast area was STILL too big. I made it work with a tie though	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 but the bust is a joke. I'm only a DD and the cups barely cover anything. The panties are cute and the skirt part of the babydoll is great	 the only part that doesn't fit is the cups. Will be returning	sad to say.	review_date"
"Very cute the xolor is cute and it looks like the picture but it does run big	review_date"
"I really like this piece. I do wish the bust area were a little bigger	 but then again	 I guess the point isn鈥檛 to cover up everything!	review_date"
"Not recommended for over a C cup bustI am an F cup and it did cover even half of my bustwaist fit wellmaterial light and color is great	review_date"
"I ordered up one size	 it鈥檚 comfy \u0026 soft. The panties that come aren鈥檛 even close to fitting \u0026 seem to be one size fits all...but not these hips!	review_date"
"Love this thang. Honey get it! Big girl cutie yessss.Just like others you aren鈥檛 in it long because once he sees this it鈥檚 over!	review_date"
"Super cute! Love the way it fit and my hubby was so impressed I kept it on all night 馃槈 worth the price and cane in when promised.	review_date"
"Nice quality material. Stretchy also. I usually fit 2x but bought 3x and it fits perfect.	review_date"
"It fits nicely and the straps adjust enough that I didn't need to take it up. (Large body but small cup size problems) Its gorgeous! The lacey undies are super comfy and the top piece is just so beautiful. I almost want to wear it at home all the time because it's so pretty and comfy	review_date"
"I bought this product on a whim and was happy with the quality. I machine washed it with no damage. It fit very well and true to size	review_date"
"This is very cute and flattering. I am normally a size 14 pant and a XL or 1X shirt with 42DDD breast. I went up a size bc im top heavy and got the XXL and it was very sexy. Buying more in different colors.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for I guess. Tried it on for the first time then 10secs after I put it on	 I heard a snap and realized that the strap ripped. Had to sew it back on myself. Other than that it is pretty and true to size.	review_date"
"Came snagged. Has absolutely no support or body to it either. It pretty much just lays over you like a sheer sheet or something. My wife was not impressed.	review_date"
"For the price this was just what I needed. I hand washed it and it held up fine. Very thin material tho I don鈥檛 believe it would hold up in a washer	review_date"
"I took great care to order the right size	 but it was too small.  (The main issue was that it was too small for 38DDD.)	review_date"
"It fit as I imagined it would. The lace isn't scratchy. I'm 190lbs and wear 16. I bought the XL and it fit well.	review_date"
"I was really disappointed when I tried this on. I ordered a size larger than I wear to be safe and it was still too small.	review_date"
"This is so cute!! For the price and everything!! I say get it	 def gonna buy more colors. And the little panties it comes with are actually cute not like a piece of string.	review_date"
"Just as expected in photo	 fit was perfect	review_date"
"Comfty im a big girl and always afraid with these things but this waa the perfect purchase will get other colors.	review_date"
"Hubby bought this as a surprise gift. Fits well	 very stretchy	 he ordered a 1X. I think I could have gone a size down but doesn鈥檛 matter much when it gets ripped off.	review_date"
"Very cute but bra does not fit if you have a large bust. Underwear fit perfectly.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful and fits fantastic! My man wholeheartedly agrees it鈥檚 perfect!	review_date"
"Wore on my bday and made my man flip his lid!! It鈥檚 a must Buy! I鈥檓 a 3x and it has plenty of more room and give....	review_date"
"My wife says \it is comfortable enough to wear as pajamas.\""  That is really all I needed to know to order several more in different colors.  Attractive for me to see	 comfortable for her.  Its a win/win.""	review_date"
"Love it so much and how it feeling	 will buy again in another color.	review_date"
"Do you want to feel incredibly sexy? Then buy this lingerie! Go down a size or two if you want your boobs to really pop.	review_date"
"I recently bought the pink and black. I sized up to the XXXL. It鈥檚 so cute and so sexy. I typically wear a size 14. It fits perfect and husband really likes it.i got a little bigger just in case it shrinks.  The underwear is little rough their is a seem that is irrating no cotten in crotch the reason for 4 star. Other than that beautiful.	review_date"
"I liked it	 but there鈥檚 no lining in it and it felt a bit scratchy. But over all it was nice.	review_date"
"hard to explain	 misshapen. the panties were irregular. made of the cheapest fabric possible. sent back.	review_date"
"Spiced up the night.  My wife said it felt comfortable easy to put on and washes nicely	review_date"
"I ordered a size up and it's still to small in the breasts. I have to do some major adjusting to keep the ladies where they belong.	review_date"
"Not a fan of how it looks on me	 boyfriend had a different opinion. But if he like it great!	review_date"
"For sizing	  I ordered a 3XL	 and I wear an 18/20	  fits perfect.  Looks great on me!	review_date"
"The color was absolutely gorgeous loved how it looked on my cocoa skin and the fit was great it鈥檚 material could be a little more on the thick side but you get what you pay for overall very satisfied can鈥檛 wait to wear it	review_date"
"it fit well. The husband loved it. Great anniversary gift.	review_date"
"Amazing!!! Fits great make me feel sexy.	review_date"
"Definitely recommend sizing up a bit if you are of the plus size variety	 but other than that fits beautifully and feels of a good quality. Very very comfortable and pretty.	review_date"
"Cute	 very well made considering the cost. It's advertised as plus size	 but if you have any boobs at all it's not going to fit.	review_date"
"Beautiful fabric	 true to size..flattering to plus size figure!	review_date"
"cheap quality materials	 but does the job... lol	review_date"
"Love the color love the fit....cant wait to wear for valentines day	review_date"
"No support on the top if you are bigger chested. Very cute product	 just needs a little bit better strap for the top.	review_date"
"Super cute! I got this as a gift and she loved it!	review_date"
"So sexy and comfortable!! Would purchase again! Fits perfectly!	review_date"
"I was surprised this product was very well made and a very good quality I was really happy with this product	review_date"
"Sent to a friend and she says it for great	review_date"
"Beautiful. Adjustable straps. Doesn't run quite as small as expected	review_date"
"When I wore this I was close to 300lbs and ordered a 3x. It was flowy and not tight-fitting. I wasn't afraid that it was going to rip or tear. The fabric is very comfortable I slept in it too.	review_date"
"A little smaller than I expected	 but he loved it anyway.	review_date"
"Love this. Soft and sexy. It llos and feels great.  A must buy at a great price.	review_date"
"I sized up one size and it fits perfectly. Very comfortable and I feel great in it. I definitely needed the extra size up for the panties but the top is actually slightly big for me. But no complaints still love it!!	review_date"
"It is a bit small.  The color and design are very pretty.  The panties fit fine.	review_date"
"Great for the price. It鈥檚 actually really nice quality and fit perfectly on me. I bought it to surprise my boyfriend and he loves it on me too.	review_date"
"I am so in love with this sexy peace! Soft material and looks amazing	 I did order 2XL and I usually use 1XL	 fit perfect 	 the color looks a little darker than in the picture.	review_date"
"Nice top	 fit well	 looks nice	 panties were useless	 in the trash right away	review_date"
"Cute and comfy. My husband definitely approved	review_date"
"Too small. My wife has large breasts and they don鈥檛 fit well.	review_date"
"Every thing fit great including the undergarment it came with	review_date"
I read a good amount of the reviews to figure my size when ordering...and it worked out perfect. All I had to do was adjust the straps to my breast size and I was ready for the night
"Boyfriend loved this on me	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie. Fits great. I bought a xl and I wear a size 16. Fast shipping	review_date"
"I鈥檓 normally a size 16 pants and 42C bra. I bought a 3x and it fits great. I have a relatively small chest and this covers it just right. If you have a bigger chest	 the lace won鈥檛 completely cover you if that鈥檚 what you鈥檙e going for. Material is delicate	 but good for the price. Doesn鈥檛 feel or look cheap.	review_date"
"Very cute. The too doesn't have any support at all so the chest is big and saggy but overall	 a nice outfit	review_date"
"I love it	  got a larger size than normal.	review_date"
"soft and material is better than expected	 lovely color - my husband loved it on me.	review_date"
"Sexy and nice material	review_date"
"Cheap material	 not much to it.	review_date"
"It made me feel pretty and sexy. My husband liked it and appreciated the effort :-)	review_date"
"Wonderful and sexy	 especially if you are a larger size.	review_date"
"(John鈥檚 GF) Super cute and comfortable to wear!	review_date"
"She looks great in it	review_date"
"Surprisingly it was a perfect fit from top to bottom.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 looks alright apart from the fact that there鈥檚 NO SUPPORT for girls! It鈥檚 cute but I don鈥檛 feel very comfortable in it without support- the wife	review_date"
"It came apart in 2 weeks the  thread was lose an it has whole now  but it's very pretty	review_date"
"So pretty! Fit as expected and looks super sexy. My boyfriend loved it! I definitely will be buying the other colors.	review_date"
"Cute decent for price only con I have big boobs not much support	review_date"
"Ordered a 3x. This was very cute and flattering. The top fit perfectly	 but the underwear were far too small.	review_date"
"loved this very much	 I purchased this as a gift for a sweet friend.	review_date"
"Looks really cute	 the straps are adjustable which i loved because i am not very chesty for a big girl. Still looks cute	 love the design. The fit was a little large though	 but not a problem for me.	review_date"
"Got this for my fiance's birthday hehe. It was really sexy and pretty. I loved the way it fit me and he loved it as well. Great price! Arrived quickly.	review_date"
"very cute and comfy! got a great review! wink wink	review_date"
"Too small....	review_date"
"I usually wear xl but after reading the reviews	 I ordered a xxl and it fit perfectly! My fiance loved it!	review_date"
"Very nice	 but definitely size up.	review_date"
"This was great my husband enjoyed it on me.	review_date"
"The color is nice but Not for small chested big girls. The sides of the 鈥渂racket鈥?don鈥檛 cover anything.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 not use to buying lingerie but this fit perfectly. I tightened the straps so the cups wouldn鈥檛 be so big on me and it was perfect!	review_date"
"The underwear were small	 but the actual outfit was fantastic.	review_date"
"Somewhat cheap quality. The panties also are very small. Overall	 a very cute item to spice up a night!	review_date"
"For the price	 5 猸愶笍But it stil feels so cheap	 and easily breakable.	review_date"
"The dress fit a little smaller than expected	 but it was no big deal. The panties were absolutely a few sizes too small.The material is soft and sheer. Size up ladies.	review_date"
"I ordered 2 sizes up and it was still way too small! Waste of money	review_date"
"Love this... nice soft material. Arrived quickly too	review_date"
"It fits great on plus size I am usually a size 20/2x I bought the biggest size 2x and it fits great	review_date"
"Loved it on my wife	review_date"
"Cute.  My husband really liked it.	review_date"
"Fits great.	review_date"
"Like this but won鈥檛 order again.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"I normally wear a 2X but I bought the largest size 4X on a hunch	 and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I love this and so does my boyfriend. It's soft and silky and the right color with the right fit.	review_date"
"Got as a gift for a friends bachelorette	 she seemed to like it!	review_date"
"Love the fit it鈥檚 perfect for what I was looking for and works for my growing pregnant belly. But idk what was up with the panties they were so tiny and no way they would have fit any plus size woman I know.	review_date"
"Not a bad material for the price. However for plus size it was definitely on the small side.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved it!	review_date"
"perfect for bridal gift	review_date"
"It doesn't cover or hold my 42H girls like i hoped	 but still looks nice.  It's soft	 stretchy lace too.  Still like it!!	review_date"
"Cute for what I paid	 happy with my purchase	review_date"
"I love it and so does he.	review_date"
"Just tried it on. I love the top	 I am a 46 c so my breast fit in very well	 but not so much support for them. I love how the back shows. The undies are to small though	 but hey they won鈥檛 be on to long. I鈥檓 happy with it especially for the price!	review_date"
"The bride loved it. It seemed to be made well.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 comfortable	"
"Bought for a friend for her lingerie shower! This was everyone favorite! Super cute!	review_date"
"Sexy and beautiful	review_date"
"BEAUTIFUL !  PERFECT FIT ! Soft Fabric.	review_date"
"love the sexy open back.	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"for the money it works. the breast area is a lot smaller than the picture looks. i bought a 3xl and i wear a C cup and my breast were spilling out. the material is decent quality.	review_date"
"the strap broke the first night I wore it. Would not purchase again.	review_date"
"Awesome	  fit right and looks great	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great!  Nothing bad to say about this. Can't wait to wear it again and again.	review_date"
"Love the feel and look	review_date"
"It is cuter in person! This is a must buy outfit	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"I was concerned because I鈥檓 VERY busty	 but the XXL fit a F Cup. It鈥檚 super sexy and my husband loves it. I will say thatbthe panties seem a size smaller than the top.	review_date"
"Wonderful	review_date"
"Love the way this looks and feels.	review_date"
"She loves it. nuff said.	review_date"
"I LOOVVEEE this set! It fits so well and has just enough support for bigger chested women. By far the best piece I鈥檝e ever gotten. Even the panties fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Very Pretty. Hangs nicely	review_date"
"Cute and flattering!	review_date"
"I know it was only $13.88 but this item was so poorly made	 I wasn't even upset. It was hilariously bad. Thread hanging everywhere	 the lacey parts feeling like plastic. You get what you pay for I suppose. Returned the same day.	review_date"
"A little small in chest area. But very sexy! I love this outfit for special nights!	review_date"
"Back is open.	review_date"
"Order a size up. I normal wear 2xl	 but I read reviews and ordered 3xl and it got just right.	review_date"
He was pleased 
"Fit great in the chest but to large in tummy area. No complaints from my boyfriend though. Its fun and playful	review_date"
"Love the color stunning and panties	but there's no support for a big chest did and above	sides where a little narrow in chest area.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Normally wear a 2x	 ordered a size larger. The band under the breasts was a little tight.	review_date"
"For the price	 this is gorgeous!  Hubby liked it a lot too!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and weigh 250. Chest is a 40D. Per reviews I went with a 3X and it fits really nice.	review_date"
"Took longer then said to ship but it came. Iffy quality and a bit itchy but it鈥檚 cheap	review_date"
"Looks great! I loved it and so did my fiance!	review_date"
"Item received not  sewed at the seem not happy	review_date"
"Fit was way too small	review_date"
"Very good quality for the price. The panties are not ridiculously small. They fit and are very comfortable. Will recommend	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"I am a large woman  and this was very sexy on very flattering  and fit my large chest !!! My man loves it !	review_date"
"Comfortable. Fit great.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Love it shipped fast	review_date"
"Love it!  I have large hips and it's very flattering and pretty	 even on my pear shaped full figure. Based on other reviews I ordered one size larger than I usually wear and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"It fit as expected	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"I was super excited to recieve this! It was very cute. Bottoms fit well	 top ran a little small. Adjustable straps were a plus!	review_date"
"Nice material however	 not flattering AT ALL if you have a breast size difference. Seems any lingerie looks terrible on us women with different sized breasts. Just made me not want to have any sexy time.	review_date"
"Fit nicely and looks good on	 I did have to fight my boobs a little to make sure they were covered on the sides but all in all	 I'm happy with it.	review_date"
"too small	 I ordered a 4x	 it fits my grand-daughter who wears an xl	 very pretty but sizing is all off	review_date"
"Fast shipping	 fits beautifully	 and he loves it!!!	review_date"
"I loved this. I didn't know that the panties came with it which was great because the panties that I bought to go with it were too small. This fits amazing. LOVE IT!	review_date"
"Purchased for my girlfriend	 she absolutely loves it.  Color	 cut	 and materials are all good quality.	review_date"
"My husband is crazy about the underwear!	review_date"
"I am 5'7\ and busty. I wear a 2x but ordered 4x because I figured it ran small. I was right. The 4x fits me just fine	 even the panties. i bought it for a Valentine's surprise. Hubby loves it on me!""	review_date"
"True to size and very flattering. If you are busty you might want to size up	review_date"
"Nice	 comfy	 frilly	 sexy	 just no support for the bust so when ya boobs hang thats where the fabric covers	 no lift	 jist saying.	review_date"
"Fit great!!	review_date"
"I usually wear a 44B and the top was a little too large while the underwear was extremely too small.  Other than that	 very comfortable and would order again if the underwear fit a little better.	review_date"
"Nice fabric. Good fit.	review_date"
"Top is fine	 panties came up but weren鈥檛 as big as I needed. I ordered a size XL and I鈥檓 5鈥? 220.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and very flattering.	review_date"
"It fit just right! I looove it! My hunny does too! If your plus size and looking for something sexy that fits this is it!!	review_date"
"It's cute	 cheap material absolutely no support for large breasts	review_date"
"42H don't fit at all	review_date"
"Great fit for plus size women	review_date"
"I loved it	 I dont have a big chest but this made it still look perfect. My boyfriend loved it! The only complaint	 which is small	 is the underwear. They come a little big.	review_date"
"5'9 size 10/12 up top and size 16 bottom. The adjustable straps came in handy for smaller top and the 2XL panties fit comfortably over my hips.Will definitely order again for a different color.	review_date"
"It fits me fairly well	 and I feel very sexy in it. The only drawback is that it is made in China. I want more products that are made in the USA.	review_date"
"It fits as expected. Color seems a tad darker than the photo. My husband loves it. That is all that matters right?!	review_date"
"Fits great. Wife is 5 foot 6 and 190ish. XL was perfect for her. Material is a little thin but for the price. Cant be beat. Very happy with the product and shipping time.	review_date"
"Who was way too small?	review_date"
"In love! 100%!!!! Yes!!!!	review_date"
"This piece is super cute and is good quality for the price	 I will say there is no support in the chest area so it鈥檚 not the most flattering in that regard	 but I鈥檓 totally in love with the panties that came with it!	review_date"
"Es tal cual lo esperaba y se observaba en la foto	review_date"
"perfect I was assuming it would be too small or at least the underwear but amazing	review_date"
"Fit perfectly however it came apart under the bust within the first minute on. Nothing a couple stitches couldn't fix. Overall happy with the purchase.	review_date"
"I ordered one size bigger just to be safe however it wasn't needed. Made very well and it is super flattering on. I love this.	review_date"
"Ordered a size larger than what I wear for daytime clothes and its fits beautifully! Very comfortable and pretty. Can't wait for him to see it.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and super cute on. My boyfriend loved it. Fabric is very soft and light. Looked great on!	review_date"
"Really cute!	review_date"
"Its a little bit flimsy as far as materials go but it is lovely.	review_date"
"The product was a great buy it was just a little on the large side so you really don't have to order up a size for it to fit!	review_date"
"Loved this on my wife it was my valentine present	review_date"
"Very nice and I love it but it doesn't fit my chest and the panties that came with are a little small	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"I have to say that I love this lingerie. It fit me perfectly in a XL size	 but I do have a modest chest size B/C cup. The lace may chafe a little but I usually expect that with lace.	review_date"
"I was a little leary. But I love it. The fit is awesome. I did buy a size up but I didnt have too. It is worth the price and what a great one.	review_date"
"My man loves it!!!	review_date"
"Great fit and was correct for my size.	review_date"
"Order up a size. It runs small.	review_date"
"Love it even though the chest area needs a little more supportive fabric but for a cute top and panty set that is extremely comfortable you can't best it	review_date"
"My wife loves the feel of this outfit. And she looks amazing in it too	review_date"
"Very cute but definitely cut small	 wish I would have gone a size up!	review_date"
"I love the feel and the look of it	review_date"
"exactly as it describes it very good	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute!	review_date"
"The fit was perfect and I loved the color! I usually hate buying lingerie offline because it never fits right but I鈥檓 glad I took a chance on this one!	review_date"
"Fits me and I am an xxl.	review_date"
"Nice fit... bottoms fit perfectly. The breast part doesn鈥檛 hold well for large breast (I鈥檓 40H) but did the job 馃槈	review_date"
"My wife love it and fit it great. Its a great steal in price thank you.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Looks great on.	review_date"
"Just a bit too small but not enough to make me return it. It looks great!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"The seams are very flimsy and rip incredibly easy	review_date"
"I like it the job area is a little small for 44H size breasts but when I lay down it's perfect.	review_date"
"Was pleasantly surprised at how nice the product fits and makes me feel.	review_date"
"I liked the material a lot it was really comfortable but the bottoms didn鈥檛 fit \u0026 the top was a little looser than I鈥檇 like. So one part was too small \u0026 the other was too big.	review_date"
"Cheaply made//too small for my big chest//not comfortable.	review_date"
"Looks amazing!	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great!	review_date"
"If you have big boobs they will pop out!	review_date"
"Incredibly comfy and flattering. Soft	 not scratchy material. Just sheer enough.	review_date"
"The plastic hooks broke as soon as I pulled it from the bag. Poor quality.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute and sexy but I ordered a size bigger than I normally wear and it鈥檚 still a bit small in the bust. Now I鈥檓 rather large up there so that makes a difference	review_date"
"I loved the way it fits except for the panty. It鈥檚 not really made for a large woman like myself but the dress part fits perfectly.	review_date"
"So cute. Runs big	review_date"
"Great buy for the price	review_date"
"It arrived early and very sexy. Very flattering and I love the cute lace panties that came with it.	review_date"
"Awesome and sexy!	review_date"
"Top part not big enough.	review_date"
"Lighter is dangerous as heck almost caught my hair on fire	review_date"
"Haven't tried on the panties but the top fits great on my b/c cup size 18 body	review_date"
"I loved it could have probably gone down a size I鈥檓 5鈥? 200lb ordered xl adjustable straps made it fit great	review_date"
"It fits perfect . I bought it a size larger and it fits as pictured in the ad. My husband loved it on me.  馃槏	review_date"
"I followed others and chose to order up.  Glad I did.	review_date"
"I like the style in the picture but The area of 鈥嬧€媡he breasts runs small and does not support weight.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 very comfy!!	review_date"
"I ordered a xxxl since I have a larger chest and it fits great	 just needed to tightened the straps and the panties fit great as well.	review_date"
"the top fit well	 but the bottoms could be about a size bigger to fit right. cute!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly true to size and very comfortable	review_date"
"True to size. Fits well. Wife really liked it.	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"The breast-covering was pretty bad. It barely holds or covers.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this product not to mention my partner..... It was a good buy.	review_date"
"Also feel like this one was false advertisement is also survey to be at 2x it is more like an extra large even a large medium	review_date"
"I am a DDD cup so went up one size and the fit was excellent.  Looks good on	 highly recommend this product.	review_date"
"The Fit was perfect and just loved everything about it.	review_date"
"Love it	  true to size. I'm 250 lb	 5'8!!! Great fit	 and it actually works for my TaTas as well!	review_date"
"The stitches weren't strong	review_date"
"I love it	 very sexy...gave me plenty of support in the chest	review_date"
"I bought the blue set in XXL (it's VERY royal blue.. I was hoping for it to be darker). I am on a weight loss journey and have a hard time with sizing in general. Right now I'm 5'5\ and 250lbs	 decent overall shape/curves	 but bigger in the belly and on the droopy side in my chest (38DD in Victoria Secret sizes). I currently wear a pants size 20 and a L/XL shirt. The teddy itself has stretch/give and I could have sized down to an XL easily. There's pretty much zero support in the chest (it's kind of like a bralette)	 but I adjusted the back straps all the way up and it helped slightly. The panty fits but is snug. Looks great from the back	 but with my belly it's not the cutest in the front (not awful	 but not exactly modeling it anytime soon). The panty has less stretch.For the price	 it's a great deal for the set and I think it'll be a nice Valentine's Day surprise for my guy	 but I don't see myself wearing it after the fact. I paid $4 extra for the one-day shipping and it came when promised.Update"
"It fit perfectly! My husband loved it!!	review_date"
"It looked just like the photos. I only wish the straps got a little tighter	 but I guess I could have ordered a medium instead of large.	review_date"
"So pretty in person!  Fits well and supports my busy very nicely	 which is a plus for someone who has breastfed 2 kids!	review_date"
"Love it. Thanks	review_date"
"cute but the front see through is not as flattering as I'd like	review_date"
"first off it was pretty but mine came with a big hole like come on thats messed up	review_date"
"Fit as expected. Wish the straps would stay in place and not run down.	review_date"
"This was better than i expected. The material was not bad	 the only thing i had a problem with was the underwear - it was too large. My husband loves it :)	review_date"
"Fits well	 looks good	review_date"
"Size up fits just right...hubby was very happy!!	review_date"
"Great quality and extremely fast shipping.	review_date"
I liked the color and the style however it was a little too big but the Husband loved it regardless so I am pleased with it! 
"Great material. Very happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"Little long 	 but very beautiful and cute panties!	review_date"
"It fits so well!! I didn鈥檛 think I was going to like this one as much	 but I lovedddddddd it!!!	review_date"
"Cute	 as described.Undies were a little tight	review_date"
"It looks really sexy but it's a little too small I ordered a 5X and it look like or 2X but I'll try my best to work with it but I'm not too happy about it	review_date"
"This is so cute very flirty!!	review_date"
"Loved. But felt cheap	review_date"
"It has cheap materials	review_date"
"Love love this piece. Fit just perfect!!	review_date"
"It was nice but very small in the bust for someone with a large chest. As a DDD the 3x is small. Other than that it was loved by my husband!	review_date"
"I did size up one size because I have a bigger bust area. Fit perfect!	review_date"
"Very soft and good quality. Would buy again.	review_date"
"Beautiful and fit was great	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"The boob part was wayyyy to small for a 3x	review_date"
"She loves it	review_date"
"Perfect size	  looks just like the picture. No boob support tho.	review_date"
"Beautiful color fits amazing and makes me feel sexy. Definitely will purchase more .!	review_date"
"Not plus size	review_date"
"Very nice!	review_date"
"It was really nice material and fits great	review_date"
"Panties were way to small... Not real plus size panties.. Top is good tho	review_date"
"It's gorgeous and sexy. Definitely would buy again.	review_date"
"Style ok	 color nice..underwear didn鈥檛 match gown sz...ribbon trim around hemline lacks quality.	review_date"
"Fits good and my wife love its	review_date"
"This is so cute! My bf loves it and it fit perfect.	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly	 comfortable material and came fast!	review_date"
"So cute!!	review_date"
"Read sizing review and when up a size. Perfect.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Came kind of late due to Christmas orders being shipped out. But I received it and it鈥檚 very sexy	review_date"
"stretchy and comfortable.... using it on my honeymoon	review_date"
I love this piece.  The color is gorgeous and rich.  I only have one problem and that is
"elegant and sexy	review_date"
"Fit great. Im a size 18/20 and 42dd. Bought the 3x and fit perfect.	review_date"
"I ordered a 2X I鈥檇 say what I received is more like a medium. Wasted my money !	review_date"
"I really love the fabric. It doesn't make my skin itch. It's really soft!!	review_date"
"Fits a little loose but thats a good thing veey good fabric. Lave is pretty looks like the picture makes me feel very sexy.	review_date"
"I am plus sized	 bought it because we were going out of town alone and it fit. I was only wearing for a bit.	review_date"
"Fit very nice..	review_date"
"Was cute and made me feel sexy. Fits great	review_date"
"I was excited about this garment initially. The model is plus sized and it showed nice coverage and support in the images. When I got the actual garment the breast cups were WAY too small. I wear a 36 DDD to G depending on the brand of bra. I ordered the XL hoping the breast area would be big enough without the waistband being too big. The cups do not wrap around the side the way it does in the pictures. There was major side-boob falling out. The waist band would not lay flat either.Not the best item for girls with a larger chest.	review_date"
"Love! Love! Love! Fits amazing and shows my curves but also covers my trouble areas	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Absolutely love it!	review_date"
"On the ad it says the item runs big. It was the opposite. It ran small.	review_date"
"it fits very well and is very very soft	review_date"
"Fits perfect...love it	review_date"
"Great product a little bit small but great material feels great agenst your body so soft	review_date"
"Very pretty! Looks better in person!	review_date"
"Very nice! Love it!	review_date"
"Seriously sexy and very soft and comfy	review_date"
"It fit like I thought it would just the underwear was a little small	review_date"
"I wear a 40F and weigh about 210	 5'7\ this little number was sexy and does cover the girls but if your expecting to have support this does not have it. I figured it wasn't going to stay on very long so that wasn't my goal. The adjustable straps do help with support which was a plus. The length is longer then expected	 it hit mid thigh vs just at booty level. A surprise is the thong	 super cute with ruffles and added plus. Haven't worn it to see if the straps hold up after a little play but for the price it will do the job.""	review_date"
"Perfect sexy thing to add to my wardrobe	review_date"
"Fit as I expected it to	 and worked great for me! I recommend it!	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Plus size girl here	 it fits amazing and made me feel gorgeous.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh 153lbs. The medium fit me perfect!	review_date"
"Ordered a size large for my wife	 fit perfect and looks great	review_date"
"super cute and fits great	review_date"
"Very nice hubby loved it	review_date"
"I loved it	review_date"
"Runs really small but still looks really cute on.	review_date"
"Awesome!	review_date"
"Loved this one! Such nice quality!	review_date"
"Boyfriend loves ittttt馃槝馃槝 future husband	review_date"
"She loved it!  Didn't stay on long!	review_date"
"perfect fit- comfortable and made me feel sexy!	review_date"
"It was very sexy	review_date"
"Open back	 so what鈥檚 not to love. I love it	 makes me feel great and look great.	review_date"
"Very disappointed with how this fit!	review_date"
"Love it !!	review_date"
"Everything fit like I wanted except for the boob area 馃槙馃檨	review_date"
"It fitted my body well. Didn鈥檛 offer much support but it did it鈥檚 job.	review_date"
"I ordered this in a 4x	 while I normally wear a 2x or occasionally a 3x (5'7	 about 250lbs). While this fits everywhere else and I really like the style of it	 the chest is just way too small when this is advertised as a 4x garment. With a DD chest I wasn't expecting it to be perfect	 but I was expecting a bit of a better fit due to the 4xl sizing. I was	 however	 surprised that the underwear included fit. Also the material is also not very quality	 but honestly better than what I was expecting for the price. Overall	 I'd say this product is okay but beware of the sizing if you have a larger chest and want a comfortable fit. I recommend sizing up if possible.	review_date"
"Loved it and so did myan馃槈	review_date"
"Great product for the price. Will be ordering again!	review_date"
"Great fit	 bought the 4x	 weigh 300	 5 foot 7 inches	 44DD	review_date"
"Puuuuuurrrrrrrrrfect	review_date"
"Fits perfect and it's super cute!!	review_date"
"I really liked it	review_date"
"the top fits good  bottoms too big	review_date"
"Fit as expected nice material	review_date"
"I loved it all	review_date"
"Nothing	review_date"
"Very cute	 great quality and true to size!	review_date"
"Soft and it fits right	review_date"
"It fit perfectly and I love it!	review_date"
"Omg it made me feel super sexy	review_date"
"Super comfortable and material is soft. Very happy with the purchase	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"Right fit	review_date"
"Looks good nice gifft.	review_date"
"Fit as expected and looked good on. Love the blue color!	review_date"
"Buy a size up	review_date"
"Loved this it's a great buy	review_date"
"Very little support	 but otherwise cute and fits well.	review_date"
"beautiful garment.	review_date"
"Sexy sexy	review_date"
"I never buy stuff like this online because of fit issues	 but I had a gift card and though what the hell. Guys... I was pleasantly surprised with not only the fit	 but the quality for the price point! This little outfit is really pretty	 flowy	 flattering and leaves a little something to the imagination. The panties included are cute	 too! After having 5 kids	 I'm a little self conscious when it comes to my body...but not in this"
"I wish I could give this ten stars. Let me tell you	 this thing is awesome. Material is soft and stretchy	 the straps are really easy to adjust so you can set them however your boobs look best in it	 and the really impressive part - the bottoms actually fit! I've got wide hips and a round butt and sets with matching bottoms are always an issue because my hips are much wider than my bust. I did order a size up because these things always run on the snug side and I'm glad I did. Highly doubt smaller bottoms would have fit me. So just order a size up if you're curvy like me and you won't be disappointed. Love it!	review_date"
"Loved it! It fit exactly as it said it would.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Fits great just got one size up	review_date"
"Just very slightly loose but over all great	review_date"
"Fits great!	review_date"
"I like the way it looks but breast area a little small	review_date"
"it鈥檚 looked amazing	review_date"
"Loveeeee itttt 馃檶馃徑	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"fit perfect!!!	review_date"
"As nice as expected	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Beautiful dress! Initially I thought the ribbon detail looked a little cheap	 but I did the trick. Reading other reviews caused me to go up a size. I am very busty wearing a DDD Cup and ordered a 3XL. The dress complimented all of my curves very well and the underwear were nice- just a little big. The open back was gorgeous and my partners reaction was enough to let me know I was beautiful. Ladies	 this is a great buy for the money. I鈥檓 sure your partner will love it. I felt sexy and elegant!! I am 5鈥?	 DDD Cup	 size 20 pants	 very curvy. You won鈥檛 make a mistake buying this!	review_date"
"Good fit.	review_date"
"I showed this to my husband. I love it on me lol. Not buying junk.	review_date"
"The left tiddy was smaller than the right tiddy	 so unless u need a nighty with individual tiddy sizes I wouldn't order	review_date"
"This little number is so pretty and so worth the price! I have it in pink and the royal blue. It's well made and super sexy. It keeps the girls up and is flattering on a curvy girl. If you're in between sizes I'd size up	 but other than that it's pretty true to size.	review_date"
"I would like to return this item.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"I couldn't even put this on one leg	review_date"
"My woman loves this and I love it on her too :)	review_date"
"Love the color. Flattering fit.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Shame on you for making something so sexy that my husband almost had a heart attack! LOL The pink babydoll that I got actually looks nicer than the picture! Mine appears to be well made. It was slightly long on me	 but I'm only 5'1\.  I'm thinking of getting two more.""	review_date"
"I love wearing this. I don鈥檛 want to take it off. I am 5鈥?	 250 lbs with DD cup and the XL fits like a glove.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥? muscular 160 lbs and I ordered the large.  The fit is perfect.  The lace is so soft and stretchy.  The undies fit well too.  I love this set	 so does my husband ha ha ha	review_date"
"I love this so much and feel so sexy in it. I鈥檝e never worn lingerie that made me feel like this one does. I鈥檓 a 16 so I got extra large and it was perfect. My husband loved it too.	review_date"
"I feel sexy in this and being a big girl	 that's not always possibly in typical sexy attire. I purchased sexy stockings to go with it	 and it's so beautiful. The bust isn't super supportive but the straps are adjustable.	review_date"
"When I bought this	 there were no reviews or pictures so I was skeptical	 but I love it! It was perfect for my Halloween custome. I knew it was gonna be a little cold	 so I put some shorts over it and it was still really cute!	review_date"
"This is a very nice piece of lingerie! My husband approves :) It鈥檚 body is similar to a one piece bathing suit and I bought an XL - my shirt size varies from L/XL and it fit just right. You have adjustable straps if you have a longer torso	 but I didn鈥檛 need any adjusting. It also has clasps on the bottom (similar to one of a baby onesie) so you can easily remove.  I bought the black one because I felt it was nice and slimming!	review_date"
"I ordered this product as my first ever piece of clothing off of Amazon. As someone who's body doesn't naturally fit the \sizes\"" in a frequent enough way to just order the same size every time	 I was very nervous to order this. I spent a lot of time looking at the reviews	 so if this helps"
"I love it it just as the pictures	review_date"
"This product has pretty decent support due to the adjustable straps for those who are larger on top. They lace doesn't look cheap and the size chart is accurate. I am a curvier lady and one pieces that fit well are hard to find	 but this one is a great fit!	review_date"
"I was so excited about this suit	 and then I went to go put it on and they put both out snaps on the crotch so it won't snap together!!! :(	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit. It鈥檚 mesh enough though that you can see through the top.. so it鈥檚 foe sure bedroom wear.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this bodysuit lingerie! I am 5'7. About 160lbs 38C boobs. I ordered a large. Fights nicely and outfit breaths.	review_date"
"I am surprise about the quality	 I didn鈥檛 expect the quality to be this good. It looks like I got it from victoria secret and it fits perfectly. This was very surprising I only got it to test it out but it was cheat so I didn鈥檛 have high expectations.	review_date"
I have to admit
"After reading all the reviews I was confident it would be a good product for the price but after receiving it and trying it on I definitely got what I paid for. At first glance you can tell it鈥檚 made of very cheap material. I鈥檓 not sure about the other colors but the purple looks very shiny and the shape of the suit is not flattering at all. It does provide a good amount of coverage but in the right light or looking closely you can see nipple through it. I needed it for a boudoir style photo shoot but (at least for the purple) it鈥檚 definitely not adequate for that. But. My friend got the red one and it looks very nice on her and not cheap at all so it鈥檚 seeming like it is just the purple to be weary of.	review_date"
"Loved this sexy little one piece. It fits great and I鈥檓 5鈥? so the short torso issue isn鈥檛 an issue at all for me. I believe I ordered a small. Loved the quality of the piece as well. The lace is soft and doesn鈥檛 feel scratchy. The back side goes up and makes the rear pop nicely as well. Planning to order another color besides the black	review_date"
"I bought size S and it fits as a glove! I thought the material will be very transparent	 but it's not.  If you don鈥檛 look very very close you can鈥檛 even see what is under	 But I feel very confident and so sexy in it! Hope my bf will love it too! Thank you.	review_date"
"I received this product a day late I鈥檓 not sure why but I am still happy it came. The color of the purple one is a very beautiful deep purple like the photo. I was intimidated by the deep cut of the V but the whole thing ended up being very flattering. Also if you have a long torso I would size up. I have a short torso and it was still slightly small on me.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?155lbs and pear shaped. Most of my weight is in the hips/thighs/butt so I was a little unsure what size to get. I would typically order a large but based on reviews I ended up ordering a medium and I鈥檓 so glad I did! It fits perfectly. The material is stretchy but not clingy so it is very flattering!! It does seem to cover my nipples so I plan to wear it as a top with shorts or a skirt in the summer time as well as in the bedroom:)	review_date"
"It looks exactly as pictured! This teddy is beautifully made	 the material is very good quality! I weigh about 180 and purchased a large and the fit is perfect! I have a little muffin top but it looks so perfect on me it doesn鈥檛 highlight your trouble areas at all! Trust me you want this as part of your collection!	review_date"
"The quality of this was really great. The lace was beautiful and smooth - no scratching. However	 I'm 5'9 and weigh 160lbs. I got the size medium and it just wasn't long enough. If you have a long torso	 this may not fit comfortable on you. Also - it has zero pushup/support so the model is misleading. If it wasn't for it being too short	 I would have kept it.	review_date"
"聽I am 5鈥?鈥?and 140 lbs and have small boobs and I ordered a Small and it fit and was very comfortable	 but my boobs didn鈥檛 fill it out enough for my taste. The crotch is buttoned and covers most but not all of that area and cameltoe is minimal. Can鈥檛 see nipples through material(in black at least) so you can wear it as a shirt if you wish as well. The straps looked a little cheap to me.	review_date"
"Fit good nice sexy lingerie	review_date"
Went with XL
"The material is flimsy	 but it looks good on. I got in white and red and the fit was consistent. I wear a 38d/16 got size xl. It fit fine and my belly is my ugly area. With it being semi transparent it still looked okay. The breast area had some spillage if I bent over etc- but for the price I am pleased.	review_date"
"I am about 155	 Double D's and this was a GREAT buy. I wore this for NYE and it was a edgy look. You can dress this up or down	 very happy with my buy. Bought a size Large.	review_date"
"I bought this using my husband's account	 and it was shipped very promptly. It looks great. My measurements are"
"Super cute exactly what I expected I sized up because I was worried about being able to due it up since I have a long torso! I'm usually a 14 on bottom and a 12 on top so about a L	 XL but I ordered a XXL just in case and it worked making it long enough to button!	review_date"
"Everything about this body suit is nice except the length is just a tad short. I鈥檓 not a person with a long torso and it鈥檚 still too short. If you have a long torso this is not for you.  Other than that the quality  nice and the lace is soft and well constructed.	review_date"
"So in the picture this body suit looks so cute but it came and it is not cute and I sized up just incase and it still is to small but also it just fits supeerr weird. It literally just became floss between my legs lol馃槀 which ends up hurting though because it has a snap croutch	review_date"
"Very sexy and hides my mommy fupa very well.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1 105lbs chest size is 34	 got a small. fit as the pictures. love it!	review_date"
"Gave me the wrong item and was not similar to what is in the picture!! Wrong color	 it鈥檚 even not the same style	 had chains on straps and one was broken off? Disappointed because I really liked what is shown on the item picture	review_date"
"Very good quality lace	 fits perfect and has adjustable straps so if needed it can be adjusted so it's not tight in crotch area.Worth the money spent.	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS LINGERIE!! I feel so confident in it when I  wearing it around the house	 Beyond cute and sexy	 It's so easy to do activities in it without fabric getting in the way.	review_date"
"I really like how this looked on me. I am 5'5' and 145lbs. I bought a size large and it fit well. I have the straps on the longest setting so I could see how this could be somewhat short on a taller waisted person than me though.	review_date"
"Not long enough in the torso at all. So uncomfortable. It鈥檚 too bad because it鈥檚 really cute.	review_date"
"Was thinking	 how good could this be for only $14.99...so I took the leap and tried. MOST comfortable lingerie I have ever owned! I will only buy from here now! Fits like a glove!	review_date"
"I buy a lot of amazon lingerie and this one definitely is in my top 2.I feel confident and sexy everytime I wear it. My husband loves it too	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this body suit! The fit was great	 sexy yet classy. My only complaint is that the torso is a tad bit short but the straps can be let out to loosen the top.	review_date"
"Sexy... ...to say the least. It fit perfectly.  Great as a body suit or lingerie.  Buttons are located in the crouch area. Would buy from this vendor again.	review_date"
"Looks just like the photo. I ordered a medium and it fits great.  I have a thick bottom half(43鈥? and small top 34B bra size	 so ordered up. The straps are adjustable! Also was really good quality for how cheap. Can鈥檛 wait to wear this for my hunny!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 not used to having a lingerie with a button on the bottom. Also I鈥檓 a little bit small for this	 a size A for breast and size 3-4 for pant. But I can make it work.Overall it鈥檚 pretty	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Great to wear with loose jeans and a skirt. Not much with shorts [gets too hot]	review_date"
"This turned out super cute and it helped so much that the straps are adjustable because I have a small chest lol. The only thing is that I thought the it had coverage over the boob area and it doesn鈥檛 so I had to wear a bralette adding extra straps. But if you鈥檙e just wearing it in the bedroom than that鈥檚 no big deal. Other than that	 so cute!	review_date"
"I really liked this lingerie. Fits nice. And the snaps were good as well.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly! I went a size up just to be sure it鈥檇 fit so I would recommend doing that. Super cute! Wore it for Valentine鈥檚 Day	review_date"
"Not sure how the next size up would fit me	 but it's just the tiniest bit too tight. The straps are adjustable so that helped. The buttons work well and are comfortable.	review_date"
"This is perfect!!! Its so hot! I just want to be in these forever! The material is STRETCHY and sizing is true to size. Everything about this piece is a must!	review_date"
"Love this teddy	 fits perfect. I have a 40鈥?bust 30鈥?waist 45鈥?butt. Bought a large. Very athletic built.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a beautiful garment great quality! I have purchased different ones from VS and I must say I prefer this one righ here definitely buying more colors it鈥檚 soft and looks amazing. My husband loves it	review_date"
"It looks very good. I like the snap in the crotch so you don't have zippers and lines to ruin the nice silhouette it gives you	review_date"
"Love love loveee	 I've never been the one to wear any lingerie due to confidence issues but I've been stepping out of my comfort zone and wanted to start with something like this. I really love it	 it's a nice stretchy lace material and isnt itchy at all. I highly recommend giving this a try.	review_date"
"I am a photographer and used this item to add to my boudoir closet for clients. The color is a deep red. It fit perfect and is well made.	review_date"
"I was very happy with my purchase. Loved the material. I was debating between a M and L. I went with L and I believe it fit well. I'm 5'4 170lb. Fits perfect	 not too tight and not too loose.	review_date"
"Bought this in medium size for a Xmas lingerie party. I'm 5ft tall and 140lbs with big bust and wide hip. They fit very well for the most part	 a little tight for my bust because they're much larger (36 DD) compare to the rest of me. But overall i'm happy with the outfit	 i feel sexy in it!	review_date"
"Highly recommended	 I'm 4'11	 129 lbs. And size M fits me pretty well. Very soft fabric	review_date"
"Can't wait to remove it!!!	review_date"
"El talle fue el correcto	review_date"
"I'm a curvy girl - 36DD bust and 32\ hips	 but this fit perfectly.  Really great for the price	 and almost looks chic enough to consider wearing over a white tee (if you felt risky)!  Very pleased!""	review_date"
"I seriously love this. It's so sexy. I got a 4xl and I wear a size 14. I'm 5'4\ (42\""	38\""	48\"") the straps are adjustable too	 so that's appreciated.""	review_date"
"I really like this piece. It seems a little big up top but I believe that is due to my short torso	 not at all the fault of the manufacturer. I鈥檓 sure a quick adjustment of the straps will fix my short girl problem. Will order more!!!!	review_date"
"I love this lingerie so much as did my boyfriend	 it fit so well and was really comfortable with some stretch. If you are thinking about it	 buy it!!	review_date"
"I wore this for a pirate festival and received so many compliments. It is more lingerie-y than I expected. The top part is see through so I wore a black bra underneath. It was more of a thong style in the back.	review_date"
"True to size I love it!	review_date"
"I didnt know the Large would fit. OMG my husband love it. So far is my favorite sexy lace	review_date"
"I鈥檓 about 5鈥?	 130 lbs	 and the medium fit pretty well. A little tight in the length	 but I was expecting that since i鈥檓 so tall.	review_date"
"Gracias quedo bien	review_date"
"Love it and so did he	review_date"
"Way better than everything I got from FashionNova in my opinion.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 as expected. I was skeptical because it looked small before I put it on but it was the perfect size. Super sexy and the snaps are perfect and not uncomfortable at all.	review_date"
"Super cute. Quality matches the price so no rough stuff! It is a bit short. I'm 5ft tall 130lbs and had to lengthen the straps all the way.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and stuff never fits me right but this fits so well! Really soft stretchy fabric and it鈥檚 so comfortable! Can鈥檛 wait to surprise the hubby for valentines 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"SO comfortable. I was a little skeptical ordering this off amazon but it was so worth it! A little hard to clasp but that might also be because I鈥檓 inexperienced with the whole body suit thing. 11/10 recommend !	review_date"
"I LOVE IT!!	review_date"
"Amazing I ordered a medium and I am 5鈥? and about 145 lbs not curvy body type but to me regular with regular love handles attributes and the material and quality and size is perfect I鈥檓 ordering more for sure馃槏	review_date"
"As advertised	 perfect fit. I鈥檓 5鈥? 160lbs and I ordered a Medium. Very flattering 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Comfortable. Buy a size up!	review_date"
"This is wonderful fitting and makes me feel sexy.	review_date"
"Absolutely amazing! This teddy exceeded my expectations. I am 5鈥?鈥?and am 205 pounds	  fits perfect! I am surprise about the quality	 The lace is very soft and skinfriendly.	review_date"
"I love this lace body suit I got it for a party I went to and it fit great. I鈥檓 glad I went up a size because I a little big a the bottom	review_date"
"im 5鈥? and thick in my hips etc and I got a large and it fits perfectly. The upper part of it has adjustable straps so it fits fine around the breast area.	review_date"
"Great quality for the price	review_date"
"I'm 5'7 38C with a hourglass shape and really thick thighs and it fits perfectly with really good stretch.	review_date"
"fiance loved!	review_date"
"I normally wear a medium and bought large since I鈥檓 tall	 was still way too short. Very disappointing.	review_date"
"body suit should have snap on so it is easy to wear and off.	review_date"
"Fit great and was sexy on	review_date"
"Niccccccceeeeee	review_date"
"Love Love Love	review_date"
"Not quality made	 but makes sense on why it was so inexpensive. I鈥檇 like a refund.	review_date"
"Exactly as described and perfect fit!	review_date"
"the quality of this teddy is great! Fits really well too:)	review_date"
"Beautiful color.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 look cheaply made. Quality is great	review_date"
"No complaints. Makes your booty look nice	review_date"
"Best reviews and honestly great quality for the price!	review_date"
"Perfect! It fits as expected and the color is amazing	review_date"
"Its a awsome fit love it	review_date"
"Yeah my friend like it.	review_date"
"Quality is nothing like the pictures	review_date"
"I like but its was to small around the crotch area	review_date"
"I love the way it fits on me	 good for the price!	review_date"
"Super sexy and fits amazing!!	review_date"
"Very sexy! Love the color!	review_date"
"As pictured soft material	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"I love it 馃槏 fits well	review_date"
"Very soft and pretty	review_date"
"Great fit and color.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"I loved it!! and my bf too鈾?	review_date:December 21	 2018""	star"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Not true to size	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 125 and bought the medium and should have got the small. I鈥檒l still where it	 but was planning this for Valentine鈥檚 Day.	review_date"
"The female in the photos with the red outfit is a fashion nova model so you鈥檙e Better off going there for the true outfit that鈥檚 pictured because this is literally false advertising \u0026 or reselling.	review_date"
"Okay	 if you have a longer torso	 this will be perfect. It's not as form fitting as I would like	 but I am 5'1 and 115lbs. It's a bit more delicate than the lace from somewhere like Victoria's Secret or Fredericks	 but a lot of bang for your buck.	review_date"
"	review_date"
"I loved it! The fit was true to size but it barely went around my hips cause the trim that connects with the straps is not elastic. I鈥檓 usually a size small in vs underwear and swimwear so i went for that	 i鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? It鈥檚 a really thin soft material and it looked exactly like the photo. I don鈥檛 think it will last though but for the price is good.Had to hand wash to get rid of the plastic-like smell. I wouldn鈥檛 recommend machine wash cause it鈥檚 SO delicate.I鈥檓 also gonna mention this cause a friend asked me.. this doesn鈥檛 hold anything in place if you maybe thought it did.. it鈥檚 extremely thin and it just stays on top of your body.	review_date"
"I bought this for Valentine鈥檚 Day and it did the job. I put 3 stars bc it was a little baggy and the material is cheap but you get what you pay for. Is it worth it ? Absolutely !!! I would recommend buying. I鈥檓 215 5鈥? and the XL was a little baggy but it fit.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?145lbs. Size 6-7 pants	 small-med- shirts	 breast size 34 D. Ordered M	 This cami was a little loose for me. The straps had some great stretch	 and the fit in the hips was nice.  I didn鈥檛 care for the price compared to product received. Although beautifully designed with the hip flare	 I feel as though this should be under $10.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Looks good	 and slightly stretchy so its easy to get into. The lace is very fine	 so I don't imagine it will hold up for more than a few uses	 especially if it needs to be laundered. But lots of fun for the price!	review_date"
"Simple and sexy ! I鈥檓 5鈥? 145 pounds and bought the red in large. Fits and looks just as pictured. I recommend it !	review_date"
"Loved it! Im 5'4 160lbs and purchased a large. The material is a little thin but still great.	review_date"
It's definitely a sexy lace teddy to wear! It looks exactly like the picture
"Ordered a small. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 132 lbs that I carry mostly in my bum lol. It fit really cute	 especially in the chest and shoulders where I鈥檓 petite. My boyfriend thought it was really pretty too	 he loved the textures of it. I rated 4/5 only because it stretched quite taut above my bum and lower back	 so it would鈥檝e been sexier if it was more lax and thus hugging. Overall though great quality and fit for the price!	review_date"
"I was apprehensive since I've never ordered clothing online	 but this product was as advertised and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"This fit well	 adjustable straps on the shoulders which makes it fit even better	 very sexy	 loved it!	review_date"
"pretty good quality for the price	 i hover between small and medium and decided to go for the latter. it鈥檚 a bit loose on the midsection due to the fact that the actual stitches done are all just straight lines that don鈥檛 create any shape in the bodysuit. it鈥檚 not itchy or uncomfortable really. go for the smaller size if you want it to be form fitting.	review_date"
"I am 5'8\	 135 lbs	 lean with a butt/slightly wide hips. I got the Medium and it is perfect	 even for my long torso. The straps are adjustable	 girls!! The portion that covers your butt is perfect and doesn't get \""eaten\"" o_o lol - because of the good quality of material.""	review_date"
"I tried it on just to get a peak at if it鈥檚 right for my special night and it鈥檚 perfect and it鈥檚 really soft up top my chest is small and below fits nice and snug but still soft it鈥檚 just like the picture i know he will love me in it	review_date"
"The largest size was to small I wear a large normally. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?215 36D bra!	review_date"
"considering the price	 this is very nice piece. Very delicate and sexy. I am size 8	 and 5鈥?. I got size M and it was perfect! I wish it had a way to open at the bottom.	review_date"
"I got this in large and am very happy with the fit. The only two gripes I have with it are the lace at the crotch area. I think I would like it better if it was left off altogether. Second gripe is that I almost didn鈥檛 get it over my hips due to to waistband not having much stretch. If you have a bigger stomach or a lot of hip or booty	 this could be a problem. Other than that	 the color is very pretty and I can鈥檛 wait for the honey bunny to see me in it. For reference	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 177lbs	 and bra size 34B/32C. I鈥檓 not exceptionally curvy	 I just have a little booty action going on.馃檪	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 look as good as the model...lol but it鈥檚 still pretty	review_date"
"This was a awesome little piece to add! TOTALLY WORTH THE PRICE!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?112-118lbs 32dd/34c in bra size. It does look like the picture	 it鈥檚 delicate and there鈥檚 no support in the breast area if you are used to buying outfits that provide that. It鈥檚 fairly stretchy	 I don鈥檛 have a long torso	 so if you do I don鈥檛 know if you鈥檇 like this quite as much -if you have issues when you buy rompers	 it鈥檚 like that. Also	 the reason for the 4 star instead of 5 is because I do have a decent size bottom and it doesn鈥檛 fit to your form like the picture shows	 if you pose like the model it does	 but I doubt anyone wants to walk with their hand on their hip constantly. I also have this in light blue. They鈥檙e good for the price	 I haven鈥檛 tried washing them	 but when I do I will hand wash them	 they are too delicate for a washer and dryer. Hope this helps!	review_date"
"I gave it 4 stars out of 5 just because I am a smaller girl and the lingerie is a little loose on my shorter torso. For reference	 I am 4'10\ and 102 pounds. Otherwise	 it fits so beautifully and emphasizes my body beautifully. My boyfriend absolutley loves it. Also	 a tip to make the lingerie more fitting if you're smaller like me is to take little elastics and tie it around the straps so you can adjust the fit. It works like a charm.""	review_date"
"This product fit my wife to the tee. quaility is excellent for the price. I have since bought my wife 5 more of these type outfits. They all fit wonderfully. I know my wife's size so this also helps. I recommend this product to anyone who loves his wife or girlfriend coming to bed every night looking sexy.	review_date"
"Yah no. Idk what the heck everyone else got but mine did NOT have a flattering bikini high 'V' cut or any cheekyness in the back at all. Try full toddler bikini bottom cut in the back and practically a brief in the front. Not cute or sexy at all. The midsection actually fit pretty decent but the bottom area was a deal breaker.	review_date"
"It came with a hole in the right side of the outfit. It was super cute and fit alright	 the back is baggy above your butt although im sure that it helps with movement that way. But it had a hole ripped in it! I messaged the seller last week and never heard back so..	review_date"
"Cute but runs extremely small. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 115lb	 36C and usually wear S. This just looked like it would fit a kid and not an adult. I returned it immediately and didn鈥檛 bother to order another one in larger size. Probably should have gotten XL in order to fit me lol	review_date"
"LOL this is an absolute mess ok? It looks horrible on me. Might work for you but looks horrible on me not sure if I will keep it yet. But it鈥檚 too big for me. My size is small and I got the smallest size and that was cut big as hell not to wear bed but to wear under some clothing I had and open jacket to show it off. The best part doesn鈥檛 fi... you know what nvm. It might just be how it look on me try it yourself.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 I am 5'2 and 115lbs	 got a small 	 fit perfectly. I wanted to upload photos	 but my boyfriend didn't allow me to do it because it was sexy. lol	review_date"
"This is super sexy	 fits just like the pic. However	 it has some weird lace down by the chocha area that sticks out instead of laying flate which makes it look like your just out of control. So I鈥檓 just going to either Sew it down or cut it off.	review_date"
"This thing is so delicate I was afraid to put it on. The material is unbelievably thin and I can't imagine it can be worn more than once. It was inexpensive	 but still felt kind of ripped off buying this. I'm also short (4'10\) and the length fit me well (almost was too short though)	 but I can't image this fitting an average sized person.""	review_date"
"Spends more time on the floor than on my body. I guess you can say... mission accomplished.	review_date"
"I wasn鈥檛 sure how cute it would be because it鈥檚 cheep and sometimes lace doesn鈥檛 stretch. It鈥檚 amazing it鈥檚 so cute even on me and I鈥檓 not super skinny so I鈥檇 say it鈥檚 good for all body types.	review_date"
"I loved this piece of Lingerie	 I am 5鈥?鈥?and I am 138 lbs and the medium fit me great! I felt very confident in this	 it hugs you in all the right places. I would highly recommend This Teddy! It鈥檚 very Sexy!	review_date"
"Ordered the X-Large	 the size in all lingerie that usually fits my wider wasted	 larger chested wife	 but this thing was so small she tried putting it on once and threw it out in disgust.  Beware.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 130 lbs and I bought a small and it fit just fine ! Super cute quality isn鈥檛 like Victoria鈥檚 Secret but it鈥檚 cheap and still really well made !	review_date"
"The quality of this product is no good. Although it fit	 they used cheap plastic rings instead of metal ones or sewn seams were used to attach the straps	 and one ring was broken already when I received it.	review_date"
"Too short for someone like me who has a long torso. I'm 6\2. Would work for someone under 6\""""	review_date"
"Yaaaaas it is true to size. Bust is kinda small	 so big boobs beware the stretch isn鈥檛 in the bust	review_date"
"Looks like image advertised. Material is exorbitantly delicate	 as strap broke just by looking at the gown (ref picture). Tried the item on with broken strap	 after adjusting it.  It fits tighter around hips is your gluteus Maximus is larger.Not upset	 you get what you pay for. Just think I should have requested a return.	review_date"
"Not a bad product	 I buy my partner lots of lingerie from amazon. None of it is on the level of agent provocateur	 but it鈥檚 but and looks halfway decent. This piece in particular looks really nice on her"
"Great peice of women鈥檚 clothing for a great price. Very sexy and fits just right. Love that it is stretchy so will still fit if your lady loses or gains weight. Overall great product!	review_date"
"Disappointed. Bought this for a little get away with my husband and we leave tomorrow. It arrived today and before I even tried it on I noticed that the piece of lace attached to the crotch areas was already detached and just hanging down. Tried it on anyway and it looks awful! It looks like I have a strange object hanging between my legs! Upset that now we leave tomorrow and I don鈥檛 have anything else to wear and no time to return this.	review_date"
"I order lrg I'm 5\2\"" 160 pds this piece is very spot on just like the picture. I LOVE will order other colors they offer""	review_date"
"Bet it would look great if my wife would wear it.	review_date"
"For the price it鈥檚 a good piece. Does look pretty nice on. However some of the fabric parts are falling apart. If you just want for one night then it鈥檚 perfect.	review_date"
"Okay I honestly love this bodysuit. The delicate lace is actually really durable and doesn鈥檛 break as easy as I thought it would (held up totally fine in the wash). The lace is SO pretty and the fit is super flattering. Worth the price	 I want one in every color!	review_date"
"Terrible	 cheap the torso was tiny made for a toddler.	review_date"
"Arrived with small hole. Very soft	review_date"
"This isn鈥檛 stretchy and doesn鈥檛 open at the crotch so it was impossible to get on. I couldn鈥檛 get it over my hips and didn鈥檛 want to rip it. Had to return it unfortunately.	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on! Good quality and pretty for the price! True to size. Will buy it again!	review_date"
"Beauty 馃槏	review_date"
"I am 5 4	 120 lbs	 I bought small size	 fits good on me. And my husband loves it. Looks good	 worth it!	review_date"
"Very sexy- size down. I am 5'2	144	 34 DD and got the medium- it was huge. Got the small and it fits amazing.	review_date"
"I bought the black color. Fits as expected but it is not as pictured. It was cheap so I kept instead of returning.	review_date"
"Ordered a large and fit me so perfectly . I am 5鈥? 160 pounds 36c .Felt so confident and sexy in this . Also the boyfriend looooves this on me	review_date"
"Loved this! Only gave a 4 star because when I removed the tag on the inside it ripped a little	 I was able to stich it up real easy.	review_date"
"Nice	 but my peircings got stuck \u0026 had to cut the string part that wrapped around my peircings.	review_date"
"I was a little nervous to see how it would look on me	 but it looked great ! My boyfriend loved it and I felt so confident in it. I am 125lbs and got a size small and it fit perfect.	review_date"
"Not a bad outfit.  Material was thinner that i expected	 but still not bad for the money.  Will purchase again.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5. size 36B. Makes the rear end look very appealing. I love the sheer in the front because it does not expose my slight tummy. I have very long legs and arms	 my 1st lingerie ever and I'm excited to buy more! Package came fast!	review_date"
"Its a pretty enough piece but the back area doesn't mold to your body. It stands apart so the sexy curve of your back looks awkward.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and so pretty.  Fits me perfectly.  I am usually a medium but am large busted so got the large and I'm glad I did.	review_date"
"When I received the lingerie	 one shoulder strap was already broke off	 and the other was extremely loosely stitched on and broke. My girlfriend complained about it being itchy in a couple places and the material is not a good quality late. Would not recommend.	review_date"
"Product arrived with strap broken	 as well as the sizing ran way too large.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 sit right	 cheap and fit awfully. Never used it and can鈥檛 return	review_date"
"I usually am a size L in T-shirt and jogging pants and size 10 in jeans. I ordered a size XL to be on the safe side and it鈥檚 was still too tight. I am 5 feet 8 inches which is why I believe it did not fit. I managed to put it on but it was too tight for my but* and pressing tightly on my chest 38D	review_date"
"I didn't like the way the materiel was sewn on around the hips. It looked raggedy	review_date"
"This isn鈥檛 what it looks like. There鈥檚 a weird piece of material on the crotch that makes it look like you have a huge bush.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super cute	 however the stitching is uneven and the waistline is crooked as a result.	review_date"
"A beautiful piece of lingerie. Great quality and the stitching is great.	review_date"
"I should have sized down one sizeI鈥檓 usually a medium but I should have got a small	review_date"
"The quality was just not right so I had to return.	review_date"
"great price on well made item. I don't expect it to last long... but it will be enjoyed while it does :)	review_date"
"Fit fantastic on her little 5'3\ 110# frame. Looked great on and in photos.""	review_date"
"I received my piece defected. One of the straps was ripped off.	review_date"
"Its really so sexy and gorgeaus! Love it!	review_date"
"Loved loved loved sexy fit like a glove. oh and hubbie liked it too :)	review_date"
"Very small not true to size poor quality	review_date"
"This was baggy as all getout.  It did absolutely nothing for my figure.  I returned it.	review_date"
"Gifted for a friend whose a thicc gurl and she loves it!	review_date"
"Some of the threading was undone when opened	 perfect fit. I鈥檓 about 145 pounds but thick/slim and it was perfect	review_date"
"Larger than I thought. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 128 lbs and a small was too large.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 I鈥檓 a d cup and a size s fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"Ripped after one wash so I would hand wash	review_date"
"Love it especially for the price.	review_date"
"Nice material but was too big.Order your normal lingerie size	review_date"
"I was feeling myself. Plus very well priced.	review_date"
"Sexy	 hubby will love it.	review_date"
"This is Amazing. the fit was ture size	 I felt so sexy in it. looked exactly like the photos	 but it's a really thin soft material	 I have to wash by hand.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy piece and I love it	review_date"
"The lace detail was beautiful on this. It fit well on me. I ordered a small and I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125.	review_date"
"not form fitting as I would like	 but still cute	review_date"
"Cute! Fits as expected	review_date"
"Sizing is a bit off I would recommend order a few sizes larger	review_date"
"Love this!!! Super comfy and flattering. I have a belly and it does a good job somewhat disguising it. I am a 10/12 5'5\ and 170 pounds and I got a large and it fit great!""	review_date"
"very nice! well priced and totally sexy.	review_date"
"As described and fast shipping	 I wanted to try something different \u0026 sexy. I鈥檓 220lbs 5鈥? and got XXL. It fit perfect on me.beautifully designed with the hip flare. Thin soft material and looked exactly like the photo	 but I have to wash by hand	 Because lace is delicate	 love it!!	review_date"
"It fit okay. However there is some weird lace sewn onto the shoulder straps and on the crotch. It looks like I haven鈥檛 waxed or something. The lace around the thighs looks out of place and cheap.	review_date"
"Incredibly delicate and sexy	review_date"
"Very comfortable.	review_date"
"I love this! I always feel sexy wearing it	review_date"
"Nice and fits perfect	review_date"
"5鈥?. 160 pounds. I ordered a medium. It鈥檚 almost like the picture. Chest area was a little different.	review_date"
"So cute!	review_date"
"If I hadn鈥檛 been watching my figure as a reccent	 probably wouldn鈥檛 have been able to get into it. Overall okay fit	 it works. Small in the hip area.	review_date"
"Fabric is cheap. If you have a short torso and a small butt	 it鈥檒l be baggy in the back	review_date"
"Shipping is fast 	 it鈥檚 perfect size for my wife m. Love it	review_date"
"My man loved this	review_date"
"You will look like a diva!	review_date"
"cheap	 rough material. waste of money	review_date"
"Fits like a glove. Has some stretch to it. Nice fit.	review_date"
"Expected a little better quality for $14. Super thin and cheaply made. Still cute and wearable though. I鈥檓 5鈥? 135lbs 32b and the small fit fine	review_date"
"all rigth	review_date"
"My fiance loves it. Looks great on her. Soft.	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Absolutely love this!!	review_date"
"Great product!  Buy it!	review_date"
"This was really great quality lingerie. Totally comparable to a VS teddy! I absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Only giving 4 stars because when I put it on the plastic ring for the strap was already broken which can be replaced easily. Good quality for the price and fits true to size	review_date"
"This looks great on my petite wife and she wears a small.	review_date"
"Bust area on the small side	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"I bought this with low hopes of it being anywhere near quality	 but it was great! I ordered a size small (5鈥?	 34A-B	 120 lbs) The adjustable straps were great"
"sexy!	review_date"
"I couldn鈥檛  image how excited I am when I see what awesome my girlfriend wear it	 it is real sexy.  I cant control myself too. the price was right	 we had a great honeymoon	review_date"
"Fit as expected! Color as advertised.	review_date"
"Perfect and comfortable	review_date"
"Bought for my girl	 looks amazing.	review_date"
"It's super flattering! I got a large cause I'm 5'10 it fits my torso really well but it's a bit baggy as expected	 I had to size up to fit my length. I wish it had a clasp on the bottom but overall really good for the price!	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"My mate loved this one me! The reaction I got was so worth it! I will order from this merchant again!	review_date"
"I'm 5'1 (on a good day) - 130	 medium fit me perfect!	review_date"
"Sexy	 perfect fit	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife. It arrived in good condition and would be a good addition for anyone considering it.	review_date"
"Very sexy. It is only lace (no supportive stitching) but when you wear it you鈥檒l understand why. I鈥檇 buy this again in white. Perfect club shirt with a jacket	 or even a sexy teddy.	review_date"
"I love this product	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Not for petite women at all.	review_date"
"Good quality. What you see is what you get.	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"Very Sexy! I love it and so did my husband :-D	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very very sexy. Loved it! Fit well! Good material.	review_date"
"Love the fit. Love this adorable one piece	review_date"
"Husband loves this on me and I鈥檓 a curvy girl	review_date"
"I don't believe that I have left a review prior to this but I had to!  The fit is great and it is actually very lovely lace given the cost.  I would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"Live this super cute and good quality.	review_date"
"Bad quality	review_date"
"The eyelash lace looks beautiful	 and my husband also like the design.	review_date"
"Very light wear. Kind of expected but I鈥檓 definitely not disappointed. It fit and looks good on my wife	review_date"
"It fit perfectly.	review_date"
"super cute! boyfriend loves haha	review_date"
"Gorgeous!	review_date"
"Very pleased with this purchase.  Fits perfectly and is very pretty	review_date"
"I ordered a size small (5鈥?	 34A-B	 about 120 lbs) The adjustable straps were great"
"ooh la la!	review_date"
"So cute!	review_date"
"Gorgeous.  I did not expect for it to be as beautiful as it was	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"It didn鈥檛 fit my torso so I gave it to my friend and the strap broke immediately	review_date"
"Its just sexy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 paper thin or thinner. Not form fitting	 but for price	 It is ok.	review_date"
"This does run a little big. This is definitely worth the buy! It is actually quit comfortable. The material is great!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 124 lbs my hips are 37 inches and I ordered a S. I struggled a lot to put it on	 I even thought I was gonna my hips were gonna break the lace but it fit really nice overall my husband loved it	review_date"
"No es como aparece en la imagen	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? 175lbs. I bought a L and it fits me perfect. Makes my booty look awesome	review_date"
"I鈥檓 210 lbs 5鈥? normally an XL and that鈥檚 what I purchase and it fit. looked as picture show	 color is beautiful.	review_date"
"Very sexy !	review_date"
"Fits Perfectly!	review_date"
"This is a great exsample if you get what you paid for type of thing wouldn鈥檛 recommend if you鈥檙e looking for the exsact material but it鈥檚 still cute.	review_date"
"It was nice to look at but its sized like it was a medium. I don't even understand at this point.	review_date"
"Me encant贸. Simplemente hermoso. Al principio no estaba muy convencida pero luego de pon茅rmelo por varias veces ya me encantaba. Es s煤per c贸modo si te comprar el size correcto.	review_date"
"It is amazing!	review_date"
"Super hot. Need to have some boobs to fill it out..	review_date"
"Need to go up at least one size.i wont order again. Product quality poor.	review_date"
"love the way it looks and feel	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a very sexy outfit	 but I wear a small at 5鈥? and 125 pounds and it barely gets over my hips! It has no stretch to it and I don鈥檛 have hips....	review_date"
"If you have a long torso this isn鈥檛 for you. I barely got it over my shoulders and I鈥檓 only 5鈥?. It runs small as well	review_date"
"Super cute	 fit perfectly	 I'm 5'6	 about 165lbs and got the large 	 everything is see through	 so you will need to wear something under the breast if you're going out in public	review_date"
"Fits very good	review_date"
"I wish I ordered one size bigger	review_date"
"The material is more thin than expected.  It fits as expected but is extremely delicate.	review_date"
"I am a photographer and needed a wardrobe for a Model I was shooting this inexpensive article filled the bill	 only problem is it takes forever to get it!	review_date"
"My husband wanted me to wear this lingerie	 so I bought this. When received the mail and opened it	I think I will love it. Because it is really soft and so beautiful.	review_date"
"Product was sewn completely uneven. Sections of the outfit were completely mis-sewn. Ordered a medium to be on the safe side and it fit like a small. Looks ridiculous	review_date"
"a little small and sorta uncomfortable	 lace is placed weird 鈥渄ownstairs鈥?making it look like very long hairs down there... wouldn鈥檛 really recommend	review_date"
"This item was very sexy and being a curvy woman i expected it to fit awkward however it fit very nice and was comfortable	review_date"
"Very cute and the sizing was correct. Good quality and was delivered quickly!	review_date"
"Nice and good material	review_date"
"Cheap material	review_date"
"Did not conform to your body at all. The bottoms were the mix between a thong	 shorts	 really not flattering... unfortunately. I did not want to wear it!	review_date"
"I have a 32 B cup and a bigger butt. I鈥檓 5鈥?0 and ordered a small and it fit perfect. Adjustable straps too. Will definitely order from this company again.	review_date"
"The fit of this bodysuit is very flattering	 and makes my waist look small and my butt look big. I can鈥檛 wait to wear it! I would absolutely recommend this to anyone.	review_date"
"Dislike this item... it looks very pretty in the picture but when you get the actually set it looks very cheap and it broke the same day I received it.	review_date"
"Size are incorrect I ordered an XL because I knew sizes would be off . The XL fits like a small	review_date"
"Sexy lace teddy	review_date"
"This item was so sexy. I loved it and my husband loved it even more on our wedding night!	review_date"
"I am a very curvy woman	 5'4	 165 lbs. I bought a large and it fit pefectly. Love it	review_date"
"The product does not look like it appears in the any of the pictures! Very cheaply made	review_date"
"It fit fine	 but was super unflattering. I wouldn鈥檛 purchase.	review_date"
"It was a good material for the price you pay. It was true to size and really cute. You get exactly what you pay for.	review_date"
"EL ARTICULO NO HA SIDO RECIBIDO	 APARECE COMO ENTREGADO PERO NO ES AS脥	 NO TENEMOS AUN EL ARTICULO.GRACIAS	review_date"
"For being as cheap as it is	 it actually is a decent product! It obviously looks better on the model but that was expected. I would recommend!	review_date"
"Its still really pretty but i wish it was more form fitting in the breast area. Theres no way to adjust it and im a d cup.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"looks like picture but order a size up i ordered a size 8-10 and curvy	review_date"
"The teddy was alright I did not like how the fringe on the edge was a little to long it didn't look good when it would roll up ward or was to loose in certain areas.	review_date"
"Fit was perfect. Made me feel sexy. Would order again	review_date"
"The material was soft and has a bit of strech to it which I didn't expect but it fit well I would by from them again	review_date"
"Love this! Super sexy and fits great. The color is great too.	review_date"
"Cheap as hell ! Terrible quality. Did not fit cute !	review_date"
"Super cute	 next time I may go up a size because my bum almost ate this onsie lolHusband loved! Will buy again :)	review_date"
"Very pretty but does not fit around the waist and butt area. I have an athletic build so I鈥檓 smaller in those areas	review_date"
"I'm 5'1 126 pounds I ordered a small. Super quick and fits just right. A tiny bit loose in stomach area but not too much where it looks bad	review_date"
"Amazing quality and fit. Super sexy and sleek. Could almost wear to bed. Super nice and comfortable material.	review_date"
"Super cuteJust as shown. I just wish I had nice perky boobs to go with it haha.	review_date"
"Great product. Fit on my girl a bit small on the breast	 big on the waist and small on the hips. It fit just fine on me though "
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"S煤per sexy	review_date"
"This exceeded my expectations!	review_date"
"Sexy and comfy	 I like it	review_date"
"Server the purpose. I鈥檒l fittingly	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 look like the picture at all	review_date"
"So cute! I loved it! I have not washed it yet but so far everything is very nice! that fabric does not cover my tits very much.	review_date"
"My product arrived extremely undersized with a tear along one seam. Unsatisfied. Seller not communicating with me.	review_date"
"It's not what I expected.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and when she put it on She loved it and me and she looks great ! Highly recommend!! 5 stars	review_date"
"Looks just like the pictures and the fabric doesn鈥檛 feel cheap or anything like that. Exactly what I thought it would look like and very flattering	review_date"
"Although it's cute	 it wasn't what I thought.	review_date"
"No recomendable. Nunca lleg贸 mi pedido a pesar de que me cobraron.	review_date"
"Was a bit big. Usually a medium would fit snug and just right for me.	review_date"
"I receive the clothe torn and unstitched :(	review_date"
"Fits me well. Material is nice and worth the price	review_date"
"Love it! It鈥檚 super sexy!	review_date"
"Too tiny on top	 loose on bottom. i could hardly breathe wearing ot	 and i rose up my vag. didn't get response for return. oh well	review_date"
"Really cute	review_date"
"Awesome.	review_date"
"El producto tiene una falla de costura. Por lo demas perfecto.	review_date"
"A mi me gusto 	 es muy comodo	review_date"
"Wore this for a wedding and got tons of compliments on it.  Color is nice and the dress fit was true to size.	review_date"
"The lingerie fits extremely too small	 I wasn鈥檛 able to it over my knees	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit lingerie	 Everything was perfect	 the material	 the way it fit.	review_date"
"Fits just as expected! True to size. Super cute on! And comfortable. Definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 lace soft	 and good fit. Size small: I鈥檓 5 ft 3 and 120 lbs.	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Lil too small	review_date"
"Gift for my wife. I could not keep my hands off her	review_date"
"Very inferior product. Strap broke when I was fitting. It went straight in the trash can where it belongs	review_date"
"I bought it for my wife	 and she looks sexy	 and we have sex like crazy	 lol..	review_date"
"Terrible ripped first try on so thin	review_date"
"Love this teddy lingerie	 I am 5'3 and 125lbs. Got a small	 fit perfectly. Lace is very delicate.	review_date"
This red teddy served it purpose
"I love how it fit and it super sexy on	 my guy couldn't wait to take this off me.	review_date"
"I loved it 	 fit as expected.  5鈥? 140 ordered a small.	review_date"
"I wish it had a clasp in the crotch area	review_date"
"As described	 fast shipping and fits as expected.	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 fit like the picture	review_date"
"Love the fit	 the look	 the feel!	review_date"
"It was actually how I expected it to fit and feel.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Super cute but was still really small and I ordered two sizes up.	review_date"
"Fit was a little bigger than expected but not tremendously off. Looked good and felt good on.	review_date"
"Looks great! well made product.	review_date"
"I love it....the only thing I wish it had was something to hold up the breast	review_date"
"It fit well	 I just returned it because it was ripped.	review_date"
"Loved the product!	review_date"
"The product I received was missing the lace details on the bottom.	review_date"
"The lines arent straight. Made cheaply and unevenly.	review_date"
"The mesh separated from the seam after only wearing it for 1 hour.	review_date"
"Too cheap not worth the buy	review_date"
"Runs small and does not stretch whatsoever! Order 1 size up!!	review_date"
"Great purchase	 though a bit tight around the hips.	review_date"
"do not buy	review_date"
"Fits like a glove and looks just like the picture in person!	review_date"
"Flimsy. Didn鈥檛 fit in some places	review_date"
"Was not as pictured	review_date"
"Cheap material. Good for one use \u0026 there will be tears in it	review_date"
"My wife looks amazing	 it鈥檚 a perfect fit.	review_date"
"Fairly disappointed. There is a huge hole straight through the nipple.	review_date"
"Great product for the price!!!!	review_date"
"Beautiful perfect fit	love it!!!	review_date"
"very cute but material is too flimsy	review_date"
"Fits nicely and looks nice too	review_date"
"Love it...	review_date"
"Beautiful I love everything about it	review_date"
"Bought it for my girlfriend	 fits beautifully.	review_date"
"Item is not exactly how the pic shows. Not happy.	review_date"
"The size and how it fit. She was very comfortable in it	review_date"
"I love the material	 fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I liked too much	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"This item came to me damaged already in the crotch area :(	review_date"
"Love it so beautiful	review_date"
"Did not look like the pictures	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 look as expected	review_date"
"Super cute.	review_date"
"Hubby loved it	review_date"
"Too short for my torso but it had a lot of extra fabric around my back and stomach area	review_date"
"Wasn't item in the picture on side was ripped	review_date"
"Really cute and comfortable! Love it! I had to buy a bigger size.	review_date"
"You pay for what you get.	review_date"
"Fits great and comfortable	review_date"
"runs small	 but very cute	review_date"
"Very comfortable.i like it very much	review_date"
"Looks nothing like the item pictured	review_date"
"Su tacto	review_date"
"Flattering and my BF loved it!	review_date"
"So cute!! Fit as expected. Straps are a little long but can be adjusted.	review_date"
"Fits as described	 very thin material.	review_date"
"It was very very lose on the top part.. and I'm a decent cup size.	review_date"
"I loved the product it just didn鈥檛 fit me so I exchanged it for the right size	review_date"
"Material is as expected. Very cute on though!	review_date"
"Like this one锛宲erfectly fit me锛?	review_date:November 17	 2018""	star"
"It is great!!!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 an xsmall- ordered a small and it fit amazing	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable!	review_date"
"product was good quality	review_date"
"Loved this piece...very comfortable	review_date"
"It didn鈥檛 come in the right size	review_date"
"Not cut for shapely petite women	review_date"
"Cheaper material	 fits true to size	review_date"
"awesomeness	review_date"
"It looks even better in person!	review_date"
"Great	 fits well!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"I like the design	review_date"
"Fits wide and short hated it	review_date"
"Came damaged	review_date"
"Shipping on time	 good	review_date"
"Had a rip in it!	review_date"
"Not the best quality	review_date"
"A little bit bigger than expected	review_date"
"Size good	review_date"
"馃憣	review_date"
"Fits perfect 馃挄	review_date"
"Awful fit! I have a pretty short torso and the boob part was on my belly! I ordered a size small which would have fit perfect if they would have used an actual pattern to make it!	review_date"
"Not as nice as the photos. Maybe could use some latex material or something to make it more form fitting.	review_date"
"Very cheapy quality. Is somewhat true to size I ordered the smallest size... the fabric sucks it's super cheap and see through has to be made in china. Not impressed	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 like it. Too baggy and I got the small. Material is kind of cheap and flimsy too.	review_date"
"How good it looked on for who I bought it for.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really cute. I love the way it鈥檚 cut and fits my body I鈥檓 5鈥? 1/2 120lbs). I ordered a small and it fit really good. Struggled a little bit getting it over my butt	 but other than that it鈥檚 perfect.	review_date"
"Big and sloppy fitting. Totally missing lace on one side. Absolute mess.	review_date"
"Very sexy! I love this! It goes perfect with fishnet stockings! I thought it would be small when I seen it but it is very stretchy!	review_date"
"Husband loved it 5' 3 34d 130lb bought a medium material is streatchy.	review_date"
"This is gorgeous and came on time	 packaged well and it a great price. Very happy! This strechy fabric will fit	 feel great and look great on any body type!	review_date"
"I am 5'6\	 160 lbs	 C cup.This fit perfectly. It is mesh	 stretchy	 see through so if you're a bigger gal like me it is not going to hold in (or up) your jiggly wiggly bits. It also isn't going to hide any folds	 flab	 etc but it's still sexy. So don't be shy...try it!!""	review_date"
"I was so excited to find this for my wife. She has been down on her body ever since having our daughter. She was a little hesitant at first when she tried it on but after I told her how good it looked numerous times	 she started to warm up to it. She has worn it twice since we got it a week ago and I can truly say it brings out her sexy confidence again. Excellent product!	review_date"
"I'm usually not a fan of one size items but this one was perfect. I'm 5'4\ and 215 lbs	 wear a women's 16/18	 and heavy in the butt and hips and it fit great. It even covers my butt (barely but hey). Obviously there's zero support age for boobs	 but my husband won't car about that at all.""	review_date"
"I originally wanted this to wear as a sexy turn me on lingerie for my hussy. but my girls weren't coorperating as this is for mainly flat chested 	 perky boobs girls and I am a d cup lady.The pattern has this sexy thing where it covers what is suppose to be your breast and your lady parts and expose the rest in a nice pattern. There is no wrong back or front to this lingerie because the front and the back is cut the same.  and it has great stretch so I think it's a one size fits all. I gave it 4 stars because I use it as a sexy bikini cover up. I hope I was able to help.	review_date"
"Upon opening I was a little worried as it was such a tiny thing	 but believe me when I tell you it expands. You could easily get in if you're up to 200 lbs	 I'm at 230 and it fit just under the cakes lol.. Pretty flatering	 but still shows pretty much all of your sides completely. For me	 it still feels better than being fully naked	 so still a win. Its cheap enough to try and gift at a bacheloretty party or something if you don't like it..good luck!	review_date"
"I'm 5'3	 140 lbs	 curvy	 34DDD and it fits GREAT! Was very strechy and would probably fit any body type. Holds up well in the wash...just use the gentle cycle or handwash and hang to try. It reshapes really well! The only thing you need to be careful is thatyour partner needs to be gentle with the fabric. I can see it ripping easily if someone gets a little excited haha "
"Love! I feel so sexy in it	review_date"
"I'm 5'11 250lbs	 curvy with a smaller waist	 tummy and a 36C. It fit great!! I got the largest size	 very stretchy. Not like nylon stocking material	 more like if your took thick tights and made this sexy lil number. It would recommend hand washing and air drying which would take no time at all. Just like anything delicate	 be careful and this will be a great addition to your nighty wardrobe.	review_date"
"I ordered two pieces of lingerie when I bought this	 one was picked by my husband the other by myself.  This is the one my husband liked.  I purchased it in pink.  The thing looks tiny when you take it out of the bag it comes in as other reviewers have pointed out.  What really surprised me was the ability of this item to stretch.  It is way too big in my opinion and I am by no means a petite girl.  I'm 5'10\	 DD	 problem area is my tummy and I wear a size 16 as of late.  This item will pull down to my calves.  I expected issues with tightness	 but instead I have issues with material bunching up.  One thing other than the size that I didn't like are the straps.  They would be cuter if they were smaller in my opinion.  You can't really see them well on the pink model	 but you can see them better on the blue.  I didn't realize this was cut the same as the blue because there are one or two colors that have a clearly different pattern.  On a positive note it is more durable seeming than I expected.  My husband's reaction to this item was lukewarm	 he claimed it was cute but commented on the length"
"Originally when this thin piece of nothing arrived I was like WTF... I must鈥檝e looked at the image 100xs like there is no way in hell all my 鈥渁ssets鈥?getting in this. In fact it must鈥檝e sat in the packaging for 3 weeks as I couldn鈥檛 figure it out... oh but baaaaaaby when I finally tried it on	 OMGEE.... it鈥檚 sexy as hell and definitely stretches to the MAX.... I鈥檓 BBW and it accentuated everything- the only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because it鈥檚 super cheap material - BBWs get this one馃憦馃従馃憦馃従 Oh you鈥檙e welcome馃槄	review_date"
"The cut-outs in the side are positioned in the LOVE-HANDLE area. That's NOT a good look on my shape. I may buy a different version. Fits \u0026 feels wonderful. May keep it to wear while my curtains are open during 100+ degree Delmarva summers. However	 I think I look better naked. That's not saying a whole lot... Weight is 160 lbs. Height 5'5\	 38DD However	 it's light and stretchy as a feather... Confident it would comfortably fit both someone much fuller figured or slighter than myself. Fantastic price given the versatility.""	review_date"
"Terrible! It's impossible to put it on	 cause there is a space only fro one arm	 on the other side it's stiched! I totally understand that this product is cheap	 and I didn't expect the highest quality	 but what should I do with it now? Cut or what?	review_date"
"I mean	 it's a 10 dollar lingerie stocking	 so depending on your expectations	 the thing smelling like a chemical-laden shipping container might not be an issue for you. But know that it does. I just opened the package and was hit in the face with plastic-y	 chemical-y fumes. I haven't washed it yet so I don't know if the smell will come out or not 炉\\_(銉?_/炉	review_date"
"This is kind of a fun item for just about $10. You get what you pay for	 right? I鈥檓 about a size 12/14	 38C	 and this really fits more as a top not a 鈥渄ress.鈥?It doesn鈥檛 exactly stay where it鈥檚 supposed to	 and slides up and over your bottom and slides off to the sides so your nips are peeking out	 LOL. It is super stretchy but so much so that it doesn鈥檛 stay where you want it very long if you move. But hey	 this isn鈥檛 exactly everyday wear	 it鈥檚 kind of a novelty for something fun a few times. I don鈥檛 detect the sewing issues that others mentioned. However	 it is a cheaper item and probably won鈥檛 last a really long time but that鈥檚 okay for the price.	review_date"
"So yes	 when you first get this item and remove it from the bag it looks extremely small.... in fact	 it looks so small that a baby couldn't even fit it's let through it. HOWEVER	 this thing is super stretchy! I am pretty small as it is (5 foot 105 pounds) this literally fit me perfectly and it's soooo sexy! I saw the other comments from other women who weigh a bit more than I do and even they had no complaints on this gorgeous lingerie so I knew I had to take a chance - for the price it is 100% worth it! Your boyfriend or husband/wife will completely admire this!	review_date"
"Coming out of the wrapper	 it looked as though it was too small for a child	 but it will stretch... My wife is a full figured woman (38-26-38) D cup	 and it fits her perfectly. It accentuates curves wile holding and supporting in all the right places. Sexy...	review_date"
"Arrived new and fits a full-figured XXL body type.  Material stretches well to accentuate one's features.  Best for special occasions.  Better price/option than the ones available at local stores.  Would purchase again.	review_date"
"This item arrived in very poor condition. I posted pics to show that the top center of the dress where the collar meets is being held together by a single thread. Would love to return however this is a third party lender that does not allow. Would not recommend this seller.  No stars would be selected if possible.	review_date"
"Apparently it's not appropriate at the DMV.	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks so damn sexy in this. it's a very inexpensive outfit that can be used for foreplay and role playing. Not something you would want your girlfriend or wife to really leave the house in as it's VERY reviling. the price is so reasonable even if you used it once then ripped it off of her it is worth it :)	review_date"
"I love this sexy little dress. The different details and placement really make this dress work especially in black. Hot pink which I also have and usually would be my favorite doesn't give the same shadowing.	review_date"
"Accentuates the ladies curves and rounds out the breast nicely.  Very sexy	 very soft.  Spouse likes it as it is comfortable	 therefore	 more willing to wear.	review_date"
"Another super cute addition to my lingerie collection! I am a bigger girl	 5'5 190 and it looks amazing on me! Super cute	 stretch is great	 and looks so hot! My boyfriend loved it!! Worth the money!	review_date"
"Fits me great @  230lbs	 5' 10\	 waist 40	 bust 44 \u0026 there is room if you are larger -- Material is soft and not itchy! I'm gonna guess that it'll tear after awhile but for the price its perfect	 oh and the husband loves it!!!""	review_date"
"I was very skeptical when I opened this as to if it would fit or not. Looks teeny tiny in the package. Stretches very nicely. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 135 and it could definitely stretch more. I鈥檓 assuming it will rip at some point because of the nature of the material but I鈥檓 pleased. Would buy again.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ and 125 lbs. I ordered this to wear to a rave. It was a bit short in me and the material rolls up	 so I can't get it to stay as a dress on me. But I paired it with some red bottoms and a ribbon as a belt and it all came out looking like a super sexy bodysuit. I got tons of compliments on it!""	review_date"
"I rarely have luck with inexpensive lingerie.  They either don't fit	 rip or look stupid.  This is none of those things.  It is super cute	 will fit just about anyone because it is stretchy and holds up.  I am really glad I purchased this.	review_date"
"Smells absolutely horrible--even after 5 washings	 including one with Borax.  This chemical smell is not something it was treated with to get by customs from China--this is something produced with really	 really bad material.  Can't imagine what it was made from to retain such a chemical smell. It literally smells like a grease rag that was left on the ground of a gas station for a year	 then you picked it up to smell. No more cheap stuff for me.	review_date"
"I LOVE this. I purchased the hot pink. It shipped fast	 and the price is so good ($10). I am 5'5	 120 lbs and medium/small chested and it fits great	 because the material is so stretchy	 I think it would fit any body size/type really well. I feel super sexy in this and it is very comfortable. I can't wait to give it to my husband for his birthday!!	review_date"
"See I really wanted to love this piece	 I really did but it was just way too short and I couldn鈥檛 make it work. It鈥檚 stretchy so that鈥檚 great. I鈥檓 5鈥?0	 so it didn鈥檛 work for me length wise. It doesn鈥檛 have any breast support but still looks sexy over the breast.	review_date"
"You either need to be tall or have somewhat of a fuller figure to make this work.  Short people may have more material than wanted or needed.  However	 having said that"
"I bought this for my girl friend and it's so small	 she thought it was a scarf at first glance because I told her to open it	 my girl friend is about 5'6\ with 38DDD and about 135 or 140	 this thing fits because it's made to stretch but she can't breath in it..... still nice to see her bust out of it tho""	review_date"
"Love this	 looks amazing. Came on time and discreet. When I opened it up I wasn't sure if it would fit it was so small. It stretches out nicely and hugs curves just right. Definitely would recommend it.	review_date"
"Awesome.  Love this on my wife.  Can't share the pics though.  Well worth every penny.	review_date"
"Makes me feel sexy. I am considered a plus size woman	 between sizes 16-18 with a generous hips and booty. The stretch on this is on point to hug where you need it. I loved wearing it for my husband. He enjoyed it too. I have worn it twice and still in excellent shape!	review_date"
"Kind of hard to hide my wifes 40DD ta tas  behind this but overall it is very sexy fits well overmy wife who is 5 foot and about 165 lbs with fishnet stockings it is a definite turn on will buy products again.	review_date"
"This outfit was amazing.  It will fit anyone sexy enough to try it on.  Fits everyone no matter how luscious you are.  It would look really hot over a bathing suit when you head to the pool or over nothing on a night when your man is walking in from a hard days work.	review_date"
"My very favorite! I was extremely happy with the fabric the cut and the way it made my husband look at me.  Some of the other skin tight things i have bought	 it seemed like i was wearing tights on my body. This was very flattering.  I just got another in pink.	review_date"
"Covers everything and gives an illusion of a thinner you. Wear cute underwear and bra underneath. Covers tummy and bootie. Would even be a good pool coverup.	review_date"
"Excellent buying and selling exercises	review_date"
"I ordered the reddish color and decided I want black but this item is not returnable...but it didn鈥檛 say this. Not happy about this. Quality is ok but fit is strange	review_date"
"This was cute. I did the reviews prior to purchasing and when it was received	 it was as expected. The material is very unforgiving but I think we as women are harder on our reflection than the person we are wearing it for. My husband LOVED it.	review_date"
"It looked pretty interesting online	 and I was excited to try it on! My boyfriend and I both agreed that it made me look like a space warrior princess. So if you want that kind of look	 this is perfect for you! I wore it once	 and never again. Haha	review_date"
"This dress feels nice but it rides up on me.  I am 5'9\ and the bottom of the dress rides up my legs within a few steps	 bunching the bottom of the dress up.  This dress was made to stretch over full figured women with larger breasts.  It looks great and feels great! The color in the ad was baby pink but I got a neon pink dress so that is why I gave this review four stars.""	review_date"
"Am not happy that this product is not returnable.  I do not like the way it fits my body	 at all.  I do not see where it says no returns	 which is ridiculous!!!  I am stuck with it!!	review_date"
"For evenings when I want to set the bedroom on fire. Very form fitting	 and hides nothing. This will get your guy off the sofa in a heartbeat. Guaranteed.	review_date"
"Looks and feels very sexy. Husband is happy with it and the price.It is difficult to pull up but he was there \supervising\"" to make sure it was perfect.""	review_date"
"Simple	 very tight. I'm 5ft and 130	 fits snug against my body(still stretchable though). But comfortable enough. Not great to wear bare cuz of the netting	 obviously. Thin material. Basically	 good for the pricing.	review_date"
"Complete waste of money. It came some what dry rott and the first time i tried it on it had a huge rip down the sides and it took a few seconds to completely rip straight down. And its not like it was tight	review_date"
"Very cheaply made. It fit fine but the material feels like material that they make stockings with. Super cheap!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but not my style after all	 bit confusing for me to figure how to put on shoulder strap at first .. so I emailed fasicat and they refunded me :)Even thoug it said not returnable.. it is .. just email them and give the order number	review_date"
"Very nice. Very stretchy	 husband loved it! It covers certain areas every so slightly for a peek a boo effect	review_date"
"Item truly is a one size fits all.  Item in packaging is as small as and perhaps made from the same material as a pair of knee-high dress socks. I'm 5'2	 190lbs	 small bust	 curvy hips  and it stretched to fit exactly as shown on photo. It look much more flattering than I was expecting. But material is delicate	 it won't survive a washing machine or a riugh/playful partner. LolI would order again.	review_date"
"Item isn鈥檛 as dark as picture shows. I ordered white and it鈥檚 essentially panty hose sheer. Also	 there are no refunds so Im stuck with it.	review_date"
"I received a totally different item than the one pictured/what I actually added to my cart! 0 stars on this purchase. Sadly	 this item isn't eligible for refund or replacement. What I received is pure crap	review_date"
"Keep your skin tone in mind when ordering some colors really don't blend well with light skin.  Light pink on pasty white don't work	review_date"
"With every movement this rolls up and I am 145lbs and 5'7.  I did not feel sexy in this as I had to continuously keep pulling it down. On the plus side my husband did not mind.	review_date"
"When I pulled this out of the bag my husband looked at me and said there's no way that will fit me it looked like baby doll clothes but as I went to put it on it stretched amazingly and he was amazed that it fit so well and covered everything I wanted covered I am 5	3 160 pounds and it could have stretched more	review_date"
"Im a size 16 US this thing will stretch to fit a few sizes bigger..... looks like the picture.... will fit someone very small also.  the stretch is amazing.	review_date"
"Husband likes it.. Its a really vibrant color. If you have \mom belly\"" it actually does a nice job of camouflaging it. Hard to wear under dresses because the shoulder straps are wide.""	review_date"
"I'm 5'1	 180lbs and it fits just fine. Very stretchy. Definitely meant for us curvy girls.	review_date"
"This item has four way stretch but not a lot of support in the bust line.  A point you should keep in mind if you need support there.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?weighing in at 230. I have big boobs \u0026 this fits perfect! It鈥檚 super stretchy and it would probably fit a 4x person	review_date"
"This is definitely not intended for all body sizes.. It's mesh material so it stretches easily but it doesn't look flattering on everyone. I gave it away to a much smaller friend and she looked amazing in it	 so again	 it's not the lingerie	 it was definitely me.	review_date"
"Love it! Very sexy!	review_date"
"She has put it on yet but whoa baby when she does. Wow should cover it.	review_date"
"Doesn't look like the picture. I'll have to find another use for it.	review_date"
"We like these types of items. They鈥檙e cheap and fun and versatile.	review_date"
"I'm giving it 4 stars because it was not the same dress that is advertised	 but the stretch is great and it's still super comfortable and sexy. I'm 5'6 about 160 lbs and this fit perfect	review_date"
"This is easy to wear	 and husband very much approves!!! Need I say more!!	review_date"
"love love love love this dress. super sexy	 good fabric	 stretchy	 and easy to wash. must have for the bedroom.	review_date"
"I just think this dress is so sexy.  It so stretchy n comfortable.  I bought it in 4 other colors.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Hides all the stuff i thought i needed to hide	 without restricting any kind of movement. Great for getting your husbands attention	review_date"
"its really strechy	 so doesn't matter what ur size it will most likely fit. Hopefully this will help me get back to my shape! Hang it visible to remind me that I must Fit nicely in to it.	review_date"
"I'm fat and old	 but it stretches	 and I actually felt sexy! For the first time in years! It is very comfortable	 but rides up when you lie down	 maybe because I'm over weight	 I'm really not sure my husband loved it.	review_date"
"It fit very well and was extremely attractive.  My partner has large breasts and the mesh was very seductive.  She seemed to enjoy it and said that it was very comfortable and did not cut into her.	review_date"
"Fits great and I'm thicker. 5'3\ 160. Very sexy and it's actually very nice! Soft	 nice quality	 better than the cheap nylon that usually makes up \""fishnet\"" type lingerie. Great buy!""	review_date"
"I got this as a surprise for my husband's birthday present and boy was he surprised! He absolutely loved it and I felt super sexy! I'm about 5'7 and 170 lbs and it fit great and I felt super confident in this	 which means a lot because I've had kids and my body is not what it once was. I would definitely recommend this and I'm so glad that I bought it.	review_date"
"I received this on Thursday in the mail and today (Saturday) I opened it and gave it to my wife and the seam came undone almost instantly. It's a shame becuz it was really cute and i wanted to order more things from them	review_date"
"Bought for wife (and me of course). If anyone wondering bout fit. Perfect on her. Surprised of good quality and amazingly sexy. Fyi. Wife is 34dd-26-39. Very hot!	review_date"
"Would like a refund for this product	review_date"
"Didn't think it would be neon bright.. not all models like it. would be great if the yellow is not so bright	review_date"
"Wife loved it. Great for photo sessions...!	review_date"
"Stretchy! Fits as expected! Very nice	review_date"
"Love it! Very soft n sexy. I weigh 150 5'4\ n it fits to perfection. Great quality!""	review_date"
"It looks like a stocking in the package.  I had serious doubts I could get it over my hips or shoulders but it actually shimmied down.  Kind of sexy but also could rip instantly so it's a toss up.  Might be fun for someone to rip off	review_date"
"performs its function admirably	review_date"
"Very sexy and cute stretch and fit average woman to size 14	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved when I wore this for him. Definitely worth buying!	review_date"
"Would fit anyone. Sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"stretches well	 fits my size 14 body like a glove.is tight but that is the point lol!	review_date"
"all round sexy and ready to go.will make your head pop when you see her in them.great for the passion	review_date"
"I cannot say enough good things. This is SO sexy! More importantly	 I FEEL so sexy in this. And of course my partner loves it. New to online shopping and this is the first thing I've received with a thank you note.Be super careful putting it on.Will absolutely be purchasing more!! So so good!!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 stripper level!	review_date"
"Barely there	 but very stretchy. Not too practical	 but cute for a fun outfit.	review_date"
"Wonderful way of surprising spouse	review_date"
"Love! Love! Love this! Best lingerie I have every owned	 and I've owned a lot! This fits so much better than expected! My best friend tried it on too (we are two different body styles and heights) and it looked just as hot! I will recommend this as often as I can!	review_date"
"Surprisingly flattering!  Seriously - I laughed when I ordered this thinking I'd probably try it on	 be horrified	 and just throw it away without letting my boyfriend see.  But somehow it actually looks amazing. Obviously	 it's not going to hide anything	 but it plays up your assets enough that you won't care - and neither will anyone who's lucky enough to see you in it.	review_date"
"Will look Sexy on any woman.... Do It!	review_date"
"Great material	review_date"
"HOT! This is so sexy. I'm 5'2 and 125 pounds and this fits perfect!	review_date"
"Love it so do my husband	review_date"
"do not believe in picture:)	review_date"
"Wife loves the fit and feel of this sexy product so much I am ordering her more like this.For me it was great turn on.... LOVE IT	review_date"
"It's just as pictured. My husband loves it. It stretches in all the perfect ways	review_date"
"Looks small but is stretchy and hugs your body. Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very sexy my boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"Est谩 un poco peque帽o	review_date"
"Sexy..does the job	review_date"
"Very pretty and sexy. Item will stretch to fit most any body size.	review_date"
"Not like the picture	review_date"
"Bought it for a friend who is an exotic dancer. She says she has gotten a lot of compliments on it and it fits well	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I'm 5'8\ and 185lbs	 busty with narrow hips. It fit great	 very flattering.""	review_date"
"wife loved it	 said it was super soft	 comfy	 not itchy and made for a fun time.	review_date"
"Nice material.  Doesn't feel too tight	 GREAT  amount of stretch to it.  I have ordered 2 other dresses by fasicat and in would order more :-) :-)	review_date"
"Better than expected. Wife is 5'4'	 120lbs. Extremely flattering and sexy as heck. She likes it almost as much as I do. Bought 4 different colors	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"This looks amazing!!! it hugs every curve on the body. I got mine in black	 i'm 5'feet and weigh about 130lbs.	review_date"
"Gorgeous color	 soft	 stretchy material that is exactly as pictured.  Awesome.	review_date"
"I am a size 1 and this fit other than the back	 it sort of bowed out....it didn't stick to my skin as it should have	 making it look awkward and not sexy at all. If it had conformed to my body it would have been nice. I returned it. disappointed.	review_date"
"It's one of my favorite play things. I'm curvy and it expands to fit my everything just right!	review_date"
"Love the color but too big. It鈥檚 a one size stretchy net. I am wondering if it鈥檚 the plus size. Nice product otherwise.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"It's fine	 forgiving stretch.	review_date"
"I received the wrong item.	review_date"
"It is HUGGGGE ( I am 5'6 and 135 pounds) and it could definitely fit a woman twice my size. Poor quality	 did not look like the one pictured at all. Would not buy from this seller again. And I don't expect much from a 10 dollar piece	 but this I would not pay 50 cent for.	review_date"
"So	 i'm 5'6\ and 150 pounds	 usually a size 8. This was a bit long and a bit big. It didn't really have that sexy stretch on me. I would probably recommend this for someone who is a size 12 and above.""	review_date"
"Doesnt not look like a dress... looks like a shirt. I threw it away it was horrible. I am a medium - I would not buy it again thats for sure.	review_date"
"Got this for my girlfriend. Amazingly stretchy..she looks incredibe in it. Couldn't keep my hands off her	review_date"
"One size fits all. Very stretchy. Fun color too other than my favorite black.	review_date"
"Runs small but a great value and superb for Valentine's day.	review_date"
"my boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"My wife got this as an anniversary present. It looked great!	review_date"
"It is sexy and yet you feel covered and comfortable.  Love it. So does my husband. Looks like nothing..then you put it on.	review_date"
"Very stretchy. I was worried buying a one size fits all item as I'm a size 12 and figured this wouldn't fit. It's super stretchy and almost feels a little big. Looks great on.	review_date"
"This doesn't fit as expected	 it also tore extremely easy...	review_date"
"does not look as good as pic.	review_date"
"I cant stop saying how much I love this.  It is beautiful and sexy.  Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Very very very sexy boyfriend and I love it! only reason 4 instead of 5 bcuz it rides up a lil not for walking around but still so comfy flattering and not cheaply made 5'3 125 pounds fit perfect	review_date"
"Sheer and sexy	 will compliment every curve!	review_date"
"Looked good! Everybody liked and enjoyed her in it!Very sexy and naughty....	review_date"
"Love this! But do not accidentally buy two because you cannot return it even if the item is unopened. Double check your order.	review_date"
"Sexy and form fitting -im petite all around but it hugs the curves just right. Boyfriend loves it too!	review_date"
"Yummmmm	review_date"
"Doesn't fit how it looks in picture.	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"It fit my wife as expected	 and it does look sexy	 but it is so thing that it looks and feels cheap.	review_date"
"Great quality and looks great	review_date"
"This came damaged! Product came riped-tour. Tried to get it replace but says not returnable or exchanged!  Which is sad. Cause it is a cute item.	review_date"
"Hello. 	I got a wrong order instead of the facicat  women mesh lingerie fishnet mini dress i got a trendy warm chunky soft knit beanie black hat.... Pls i will put it back in the mail box so you can return En get me the right order thanks...	review_date"
"Last only two usage but fit great and look accurate to what is pictured.	review_date"
"Soft fabric	review_date"
"really liked this outfit	 but I ordered the wrong size. should have ordered one size bigger.  These are definitely meant for leaner women.	review_date"
"Love how stretchy	 soft	 sexy and beautiful these are.  I bought several of them and love every one.	review_date"
"Makes me feel very sexy. Husband goes bonkers when I wear it.	review_date"
"Wife looks fantastic in it.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Too small.	review_date"
"Bought this last week. I love it and my husband loves it even more. It's comfortable	 sexy. I'm 5ft3 and weigh 140 lbs and it fits like a glove. I love the red	 but I'm probably going to order one in black and in pink. It's probably easy to tear if you're not careful	 but so far so good. I would probably wash it by hand unless you're wanting it to shrink a little. Nice buy for the money and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"I am a plus size women.....so all my curve and boobs hang through netting.........my hubby loves it..so guess who will purchase another.	review_date"
"When I opened up the bag	 it looked worn or stretched already.  No returns either.  Poorly made.	review_date"
"I loved it and my husband loved it more. The delivery was super fast and fit perfect.	review_date"
"The product fits like a min shirt on me. I'm really small and short and this was a one size fits all product. I can't imagine this would fit most people. Just wish it would have been as long as it is in the photo.	review_date"
"It great	 looks very good!!!	review_date"
"Love it! So sexy	review_date"
"Perfect	 fits most sizes.  Very nice for those romantic evenings with your partner.	review_date"
"Comfy and sexy	review_date"
"it's ok for the money	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"He loved it!	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"The design is very pretty and appealing. Thank you for prompt delivery and neat packaging.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Looks incredibly small but I am very busty and wide hipped. Still fits and looks amazing. Super fast shipping. Definitely recommend this seller.	review_date"
"I LOVE it for my wife!	review_date"
"Super flattering would look good on every type of body.	review_date"
"For my Lover	 and she looks great in it.  It didn't come all wadded up	 as some of the MIC stuff did.  Highly recommended.	review_date"
"Very small	 not very good quality.	review_date"
"I love this.  My husband thinks it is very sexy.	review_date"
"She loved it.	review_date"
"Super gorgeous on! It expands from this tiny little mesh thing to a super sexy dress! It's insanely comfortable	 too.	review_date"
"This is bizarre and does not work. It's longer then the picture and bizarre...it went right into the trash	review_date"
"Super sexy. I feel comfortable in it and it鈥檚 a total turn on !	review_date"
"Got this for my wife I'm very happy	review_date"
"sex good	review_date"
"Looked really good	review_date"
"Love 鉂わ笍 it fit like a glove	review_date"
"My boyfriend LOVED IT ! \u0026 it fit my curvy body just right !	review_date"
"Everything worked out great and the design was perfect being placed over the nipples leaving a little mystery and alowing me to move my hands around her body in a teasing fashion	review_date"
"Well made	 stretchy material	review_date"
"Looks great	 my guy loved it.	review_date"
"Didn't look like the dress on the page but it was still pretty neat dress	review_date"
"Fits ok	 lightly wash or threads will come loose	review_date"
"Is very nice	review_date"
"A little small if you're tall	 but it works! My main complaint is its a very dull and faded pink	 doesn't pop or stand out like I wanted.	review_date"
"so sexy fits great!	review_date"
"I like it alot	 and I'm a pretty big woman and it was just what i needed to spice up things in the bedroom.	review_date"
"We had been looking at other websites	 when I decided to try out amazon. Shipped when arrived and fit my girl quite well! She's 5' 4\ and 170lbs. So don't fear curvy girls!""	review_date"
"My husband loves it!!!  It was great to have something a bit different than the normal.	review_date"
"Awesome quality	review_date"
"Cute and sexy	  fit perfectly.	review_date"
"My girlfriend l love this outfit for to wear for me at night.	review_date"
"Wow	 don't order this crap. It won't fit an adult human and it isn't suitable for a 1 year old so it's absolutely pointless.	review_date"
"Fit wonderfully and loved it! I am 5'9\	 155 lbs	 and 34 D to a DD.""	review_date"
"She likes it also	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"Loved the fit and sexiness!	review_date"
"I like alot.. a lot of give if need		 sings if not needed	review_date"
"Fits great... I am 5'4 190 lbs and 38DD and this is super sexy and comfortable and my husband LOVES it	review_date"
"Looks really great.  I had to (got to) help my wife put it on.  She called herself \the spider woman.\""""	review_date"
"Thin material.	review_date"
"Nice fits well	review_date"
"Loved the packaging it came in. Fit is amazing and comfortable. Will be buying from this company again !	review_date"
"Very very sexy my husband loves to see me in it he says shows just enough to let your imagination run wild	review_date"
"Love it fits perfect. I'm a Latina with curves and it works fine.	review_date"
"Fits like a glove it looks really small when you take it out of package. But fits perfect. Very sexy my boyfriend loves it I love it	review_date"
"Love this! I'm 5'4 an 130 lbs . Fits so nice that I bought this dress in 4 different colors.	review_date"
"Exactly what I would expect for the price. Good item at good price point.	review_date"
"I was skeptical this would fit when I took it out of the package	 but it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Super cheaply made.  The shoulders already look frayed.  I won't bother to wear this at all.	review_date"
"Sexy and cheap	review_date"
"Looks just like the picture! I feel very powerful in this and boyfriend is over the moon when I'm wearing it. Very fast shipping and staff was very nice	review_date"
"Says one size right next he material don鈥檛 even cover my butt and I wear a size 9. Cheap don鈥檛 buy	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"You get what you see. Its sexy. loved it	review_date"
"VERY cheaply made	 and you can NOT return it. would NOT buy from FasiCat again.	review_date"
"TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY. DIDNT EVEN GET THE ONE IN THE PICTURE. IM NOT EVEN A BIG GIRL AND IT RIPPED WHILE I WAS PUTTING IT ON. IM 5`7 140!	review_date"
"Sexy fit. I really love this dress.	review_date"
"Wife looks great in it. Good material and affordably priced	review_date"
"The product is great and fits well. It is truly a \one size fits most\"" I like that it is as described and pretty""	review_date"
"love  the fasicat line鉂も潳鉂?sexy	review_date"
"Super Sexy	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Bought as a tacky lingerie gift for a Bachelorette party. She said it fit as expected	review_date"
"Very  attractive and a good quality. It does run large so buy a size smaller than usually do.	review_date"
"Sexy my wife and I both like the look and the feel	review_date"
"My husband loves this thing.  I intend to get more in other colors.	review_date"
"Feels good and looks great on me. Hubs is EXTREMELY satisfied.	review_date"
"Looks great on her	 order a small but was slightly bigger but she is very petite.	review_date"
"Fits perfect as gf is 5'4 120..  material feels fine.	review_date"
"love  their lingerie鉂も潳鉂?	review_date:April 9	 2018""	star"
"App for the item would not load on more than 3 devices.  Egg would stop vibrating anytime I would walk or move even though the light was still on.  Don't waste your time or money.	review_date"
"I liked this outfit	 it looks sexy and fits as expected. Its all stretch so it will fit a variety of body types.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Top part shifts alot but its great with curves	review_date"
"Fits and is very comfortable it doesnt ride up and looks very nice on	review_date"
"great for the price	review_date"
"Ur lady will make boocoo $$$ with this outfit	review_date"
"I received it and it was ripped on the top part right by the neck. Cheap quality	review_date"
"I'm a 16/18 and tall.This made me feel super duper sexy. Its stretchy and fits all the things nicely.	review_date"
"Looks great and fits well.	review_date"
"This outfit I bought my gurlfriend she loved it.	review_date"
"Very flimsy	 ripped when I put it on. Not worth buying	review_date"
"Nice fit.	review_date"
"I really liked this	 it is super sexy. The material stretches to fit any body type.	review_date"
"Sexy and flattering	 if you're considering it- buy it!	review_date"
"looks great on the wife	review_date"
"If you have the perfect body	 this is for you. Otherwise all the extra meat you have sticks out the holes and makes you feel fatter than you are.	review_date"
"Very sexy and nice. It made a nice  gift	review_date"
"My Lady LOVED IT! Fits well and looks great on her....	review_date"
"Terrible	review_date"
"perfect for my curvy body and he likes it as well	 looks good	review_date"
"This night was my best look.  If you're long to surprise your special someone then THIS is what you want.  I'm 5'6 184 \u0026 it still fit really good!	review_date"
"The fabric is tolerable	 but extremely itchy if worm for too long. Also	 I ordered mine in black and received it in pink	 so that was weird.	review_date"
"SEXY AND FITS GREAT	review_date"
"Was a bit big	 didnt look nothing like the picture.	review_date"
"Great \u0026 sexy fit. Tight which is preferable. Length is good as well. Good quality.	review_date"
"Came with holes in it. The top lace was completely seperated from the fishnet. I cant even put them on because they are defective. Its too bad	 i was really looking forward to wearing them.	review_date"
"Did not like the fabric	review_date"
"Worth the purchase you'll have lots of fun	review_date"
"Love the feeling	review_date"
"The material wasn't too tight causing me to bulge. It fit beautifully and was a big hit with my partner. He loved it.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Love the quality and color	review_date"
"Love it. The color is so pretty and it fits perfect	review_date"
"Looooove. You will be sexy in this. Fits amazing	 feels amazing.	review_date"
"decent quality and looks great	review_date"
"It is super stretchy and doesn't hug the body like in the photo	review_date"
"Exactly as shown.	review_date"
"Fit her perfect...had the same effect as viagra	review_date"
"This is fun and Will fit just about anybody	review_date"
"Fast delivery. Size correct	review_date"
"Sexy wife	review_date"
"The color on this dress is outstanding.  Fits perfect and looks great. I am buying all the colors that they provide.	review_date"
"Very disappointed! This is the first time I got something totally different from what I order	 the dress looks nothing like the one in the picture!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"hot	review_date"
"Fits great! Sexy!	review_date"
"It was OK but it was made for very petite women so it kept riding up every time my wife bent over. But we made it work. Wish it was a little larger.	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty and long enough. There is no support for your breast and the sleeves look very weird.	review_date"
"It fits great.	review_date"
"Dress is defective.  It鈥檚 sewn/glued together and you can鈥檛 even get into it	 and now it states NO RETURNS!!!!	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"a small but still looks ok	review_date"
"fit good looked good	review_date"
"Simply beautiful. I am a thick girl and I love it!	review_date"
"I ordered this in red rose and it came in black instead. I ordered a black one also	 so now I have two black ones. Boo.	review_date"
"wife likes it 	 but says it tends to pull up . cant expect much for the price. very sexy though as she has decided to wear it with a skirt and a sexy button up top . very sexy	review_date"
"The material looks a lot thicker in the pictures.	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy.  Looks great on.  I am very satisfied with this purchase.	review_date"
"Bought these for the wife....nice	review_date"
"I Like	review_date"
"Wife love it	review_date"
"Item fit great	 the husband loved it	 and was really low cost	review_date"
"Flattering from every angle. Very soft material.Arrived promptly.	review_date"
"Comfy material and very sexy and true to color!	review_date"
"Great	 strongly recommended	review_date"
"Purchased this for my sexy wife and was not disappointed. Amazing fit and feel. Highly recommended from us!!	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"cheap fabric	review_date"
"He said it was VERY SEXY!!!	review_date"
"Very slimming.. and sexy	review_date"
"Super sexy	 item just as expected!	review_date"
"sexy and soft material.  fit as expected	review_date"
"I liked it	 stretch very well. Only thing is it didn't give my boobs a lift...but I figured so. Overall I loved it and my partner loved it even more. So it wears great.	review_date"
"Better than we expect ver nice	review_date"
"Girlfriend look drop dead gorgeous in it	 works great with all sizes highly recommended. Looks too small when first getting it though.	review_date"
"fits great	review_date"
"she didn't like	review_date"
"Adorable outfit! Exactly what I expected.	review_date"
"I received my package from Amazon in a amazingly 	timely manner. I loved this!!!!I felt sexy and I'm glad I chose this item! Thanks Amazon	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 I am 200pds 5'3\  plenty of stretch available for larger hips!""	review_date"
"I like everything about my Purchase it fits like it said it would. I鈥檓 very pleased with my order. Thank you	review_date"
"I LOVEEEEEE this outfit and I'm super cheap so for me to love something it's #100%TRUTH but it's super strechty so I'd recommend downsizing ONE SIZE from your TRUE size and it'll fit PERFECTLY. Haven't tried it on for the mister yet but we will tonight maybe baby 3 ?馃槤	review_date"
"Husband Loves it!	review_date"
"Very Sexy.  I'd like to buy more from this company.  It fits	 that's all I can say about that subject.	review_date"
"This did not come with the panties. I specified the size and no panties!!! Uugghhh and no 800 number to this company.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and curves perfect to my body shape. Makes me feel very sexy. Fabric stretches to match you body.	review_date"
"My wife loves it	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"sexy!	review_date"
"Really loved this lingerie!!!! Absolutely perfect!!鈥?	review_date:May 18	 2018""	star"
"Stretchy聽material	so聽it's聽an聽easy聽fit聽and聽definitely聽sexy聽no聽matter聽what聽your聽size!聽	review_date"
"Great lingerieThe chipping expensive	review_date"
"Always skeptical about \one size\"" outfits but this looks fantastic!""	review_date"
"Fits fine not as sexy as in pic looks a bit more of a prostitut prom dress lol	review_date"
"Great job	review_date"
"Look hot as s*** on female friend	review_date"
"Came much smaller than explained. Threw in Trash. Doesn't stretch way it shows.	review_date"
"This looks awesome definitely sexyWould recommend	review_date"
"Cute outfit	review_date"
"Like it!	review_date"
"Sexy!!	review_date"
"My husband loves it	review_date"
"Sexy!! Perfect to wear to parties!!	review_date"
"Too hot	review_date"
"Super cute	 but DONT buy if you have nipple piercings:) ouch.	review_date"
"My wife is sooo hot in this.	review_date"
"loved the product	review_date"
"Product fits good. BF likes the way it looks. Shipping package was way too big for the size of the product. Well see if it makes it through the night.	review_date"
"Super cute and super sexy	review_date"
"Stretches real well. Im around 16	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"Very sexy and great fit.	review_date"
"this is great. husband will love it	review_date"
"Super sexy and comfy!	review_date"
"Did not fit at all. I had to give it to a friend. She loves it tho	review_date"
"girlfriend loves it	review_date"
"Nice and sexy.  My lady is sexy thick and this fit her perfect	review_date"
"Very stretchy! Love this piece \u0026 so does my boyfriend! Would recommend.	review_date"
"I like it but it likes to roll up .wont stay in place .	review_date"
"Looks as advertised	review_date"
"I like the look in the product picture	 but on me it looked bad. It was loose in some places and too tight in others.	review_date"
"cool	review_date"
"Bought 3	review_date"
"MADE WELL AND SEXY		 LOOKS GREAT ON MY WIFE SHE IS 145 LBS	 5FT 2 IN	review_date"
"Very pretty very comfy! Hubby likey!	review_date"
"BF loves this	review_date"
"It's looks really good and sexy :) I'm sure my man will live it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Cute little outfit. Not very sturdy but exactly what I was looking for.	review_date"
"Great if your a plus size female it hugged my curves.	review_date"
"Super hot and sexy!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Yum yum	review_date"
"The red is super bright red so make sure you like the way you look in bright bright red before you buy. If fits perfectly	 the color is just a little too bright for me. I also bought the black one and I absolutely love that one.	review_date"
"Love it	 would order again.	review_date"
"Love it thank u	review_date"
"So sexy! My fiance saw me with it and went crazy 馃槏馃槏.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 also very thin.. be careful	review_date"
"cheap and very ugly. fits fine its just very cheap looking	review_date"
"Great and it hugged my curves.	review_date"
"Great quality. Excellent fit.  My wife loves it and she looks real Hot!!!  Will buy others!!!	review_date"
"馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"Love it! Great value!	review_date"
"I bought this for my girlfriend and it was super sexy on her! Good for the price!	review_date"
"Sexy and fits perfect	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. Love the stretchy material. The only complaint I have is that it rolls up from the bottom really easily so you have to keep unrolling and pulling it down.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"The item was well ft love it	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"This mini dress was perfect including the price! It fit perfect and gave me the sexy look I was shooting for. I highly recommend this one!	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"I love wearing this. The fabric has a good feel amd stretches a lot.	review_date"
"Excellent fit	 comfortable to wear and very pleasing to y husband. Recommend.	review_date"
"Jist gotta be carful with it it seems like it would snag easy	review_date"
"He loves it!	review_date"
"Fits	review_date"
"If it all of my curves and the material is very comfortable	review_date"
"Ithought it looked really good on me and my girlfriend thought it was really sexy on me too	review_date"
"Nice....	review_date"
"It looks great on my wife! She's gonna make late for work in the mornings now lol	review_date"
"Very poor quality. Not worth it. It was more like putting on a pair of pantyhose over my body.	review_date"
"As advertised	review_date"
"Wife looked super sexy in it! Loved it!	review_date"
"a little big on the wife. she's 5\0	 107lbs""	review_date"
"It was smaller than I expected.	review_date"
"wife loves it	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"very odd fitting.  into garbage it went.	review_date"
"I paid for a damn dress and got this stupid unuseful headlamp clips	review_date"
"Nice lingerie	 hope to buy more in future.	review_date"
"The wife looks hot in this! -We both seem to like it!	review_date"
"The description of the product is not what you get. It's just a top	 no bottoms but I guess that's why they can call it crotchless. If I could go lower than 1 star I would.	review_date"
"I ordered a black outfit but a pink one arrived.	review_date"
"I love this makes me feel sexxy	review_date"
"no problems with it.	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"WIFE IS SEXY ALREADY BUT THIS SET HER OFF	review_date"
"Pretty. Stretchy. But rolls up.	review_date"
"I like how it looks on me!	review_date"
"Super cute and comfortable as always. Soft to the touch	 I will be purchasing more items.	review_date"
"Loved it and so did my honey. Fast delivery.	review_date"
"Very Sexy... Perfect... Fit well... The rest is up to your imagination.	review_date"
"I am not a usual reviewer yet I feel the need to indicate that the color is very attractive. The fit is absolutely divine. Its such a cute and sexy dress. My man loves it! If you're reading this	 please confirm your purchase now!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 great	review_date"
"Received wrong item!!!	review_date"
"Piece of crap. Once once I opened the package	 it literally fell apart in my hands.	review_date"
"probably a good product overall for us larger 'mericans	 I thought coming from china with its skinny lil models it would be smaller even as a one size	 My gal it 5'10\ and not a bean pole really but this was still barely stretchy on her anywhere	 She liked it ok	 and its hard to describe exactly my thoughts but I think it just somehow didn't meet expectations. basically its a straight tube top to bottom no differential in width anywhere on its length. so theoretically it should be stretchy at top and hips and bunched in the middle (if you're an hourglass gal)""	review_date"
"Super hot looking on the Mrs. She loves!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Fit as expected looks great	review_date"
"Fits perfect.. when I saw it I thought it wouldn't fit but it stretches as needed. It's soft and fits all sizes	review_date"
"Love this on my wife she makes it look great and OMG. What a turn on!!!!!	review_date"
"My wife looked like a sex goddess in this! She looked and felt sexy.	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"Looks different in person	review_date"
"Absolutely stunning. Looks even better in person. My wife LOVES it. Very soft material too.	review_date"
"Love this fit and color	review_date"
"Great	 love it	review_date"
"Sexy AF.	review_date"
"Doesn't look like the pic. It simply looks like a mesh net	review_date"
"Looks great on my wife	review_date"
"I really liked it. It fits and looked just right. Its very sexy and surprisingly flattering on my not so slim figure.	review_date"
"I recieved a hat	review_date"
"Outfit never came package was empty	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"I like it a lot !鈽嗏槅鈽嗏槅鈽?	review_date:May 27	 2018""	star"
"I love it .	review_date"
"Just what I wanted! Fits as expected..	review_date"
"Poor quality. Wore it once and it feels cheaply made. Not comfortable at all.	review_date"
"Great fit super soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"very nice product!	review_date"
"it fit good	review_date"
"Fits nicely and it works	review_date"
"HOT HOT HOT	review_date"
"It fit very good.	review_date"
"Satisfied Customer	review_date"
"cheaply made. If your size 18/20 or smaller this will be too big. Ripped within minutes.	review_date"
"It fits great and it was exactly like the description	review_date"
"That fit was good an easy to put on an the color was nice	review_date"
"it was okay.	review_date"
"I Lil too big but I still loved it. Very sexy. And the boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"125 lbs 5'4fits like a stocking it is like that material its cool.	review_date"
"It looks just like the picture and it was perfect said it will arrive about 8 pm but it arrived earlier which was a plus...i recommend 100%	review_date"
"I absolutely love it.... Kept everything in place and my fiance loves it too	review_date"
"I love how if fits. I didnt think it would fit. I would buy more in different colors.	review_date"
"Sexy	 boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"Nice soft material	review_date"
"Great !	review_date"
"Just got it.But cheap quality and wife don't like at all.	review_date"
"LOVE IT.	review_date"
"Wife looks awesome in it and I love the view	review_date"
"I love this outfit my wife looks amazing in it	 she nor I have any complaints!	review_date"
"Poor quality.	review_date"
"Nice product	 very comfortable material.	review_date"
"love it my wife looks very sexy in it .	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"more like a top than a dress still sexy	review_date"
"My wife was thrilled.	review_date"
"My husband loves it!	review_date"
"Very stretchy super sexy	review_date"
"No i wont post pics. Fit was exactly as i expected. Durable enough that i could wear it more than once for the hubs	 with an affordable price point. That being said	 it is VERY stretchy	 with holes and peeks and what not \In all the right spots\"" (to quote the husband). Was a worthy purchase	 if i do say so myself. And i do.""	review_date"
"GF loves it and so do I :)	review_date"
"sexy fits great	review_date"
"Lovely	review_date"
"I loved this! It's very stretchy and completely comfortable. I'm going to order all the different styles from this company! Try one	 you won't regret it.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Honestly i was expecting better quality and the shipping for this thing was too much. Supee cheap quality!	review_date"
"No	review_date"
"I loved it	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Fit perfect and no prob washing	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"so hot! Boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"L0ve it	review_date"
"Doesn't show like the picture	review_date"
"Awesome!	review_date"
"Love and fast shipping	review_date"
"Very sexy. Adapts to your body and makes it look great.	review_date"
"Came on time	 looks great!	review_date"
"very hot!	review_date"
"Got it for my girl friend	 she loved it	 she also modeled for me	 lucky me :-)	review_date"
"It's perfect for any size!!	review_date"
"Looks great on my wife	review_date"
"colour is different锛孖 bought the blue锛宨t looked and picture is so different	review_date"
"It truly fits one size fits all!	review_date"
"Very nice fabric	 wifey happy happy happy.	review_date"
"I bought this for my sister in laws bachelorette party. She really liked it and it got a lot of uhhhhs and ohhhhs! I haven't had the courage to ask how it worked since for me that's sort of personal. I plan on ordering one for me so I'll update this for myself when I get it.	review_date"
"WOW	review_date"
"It was longer than I expected it to be but otherwise I am happy with the product.	review_date"
"Luv it	review_date"
"Very nice material	review_date"
"It fit perfect and I felt awesome in it. Last but not least	 my boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Made of cheap material	 my husband likes it but it does nothing for me	 I will wear it for him.	review_date"
"Fits as described.	review_date"
"Very sexy... my husband was very happy	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Good for the price	review_date"
"Love how this feels. Better than expected.	review_date"
"The material was very comfortable	review_date"
"I had mixed thoughts on ordering this item based on the reviews. I took a chance	 but this time it didn't work out. Firstly	 like everyone states the dress is too large with zero structure. It's nice that it fits any size but it's very unforgiving. If you don't have an hour glass figure	 with a flat stomach	 perky girls and no back fat	 you may not be pleased with this item. I'm 5' 10\	 280lbs and somewhat curvy (but a little belly fat)...I typically wear my weight well. However	 when I put this dress on I looked like a blob that got caught in a tattered fishing net! The lack of structure didn't do anything for my figure or lift up the girls. I wasn't expecting miracles but some spandex would've helped a lot. Also	 the difference in the styles of this product is confusing because one has more body coverage with spaghetti straps (style 6) and the other has thick	 wide straps on the shoulder (style 7). So make sure you are ordering the right item style and be prepared for it to run large.""	review_date"
"I  loved  it. It  fit  just  right.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"one time use only	review_date"
"Fits her great	review_date"
"Great quality and reasonable inexpensive !	review_date"
"My husband love it. I am getting it in other colors.	review_date"
"loved it !!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love this little net dress and my boyfriend loves it even more. Very sexy and leaves some to the imagination.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Came in excellent condition \u0026 looks great on her..love it	review_date"
"My husband loves it!!!!	review_date"
"Feels nice to the touch \u0026 husband loves it!!	review_date"
"Fits amazing and great quality!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"It stretched a bit more than expected.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It fit exceptional well. It also was soft to the touch!!	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"Good and fits as desired .	review_date"
"Really cute fit but it rides up a lot.	review_date"
"What's there not to like	review_date"
"The color was ok	review_date"
"My wife looked as good as the model did	review_date"
"Fantastic	review_date"
"Simple yet beautiful and very sexy	review_date"
"Slightly too big	 which is annoying. But the boyfriend loves it 馃槏	review_date"
"Love this outfit.	review_date"
"Very Sexy	review_date"
"I love the lingerie.	review_date"
"Package took awhile to deliver but still satisfied	review_date"
"It fits perfect	review_date"
"I love it and my husband REALLY loved it! Great materials and great fit for most sizes. I've picked up a few pounds so I didn't want too much being exposed. This covered enough to make me feel \u0026 look sexy. Love	 love	 loved it!	review_date"
"Gorgeous	review_date"
"Cute and sexy 	 exactly what I was expecting!	review_date"
"Gorgeous!!	review_date"
"It was a bachelorette gift and she loved it!	review_date"
"Smaller than expected	review_date"
"Cheap. Hood rat status. Buy your wife something nice.	review_date"
"Ordered small	review_date"
"Fun	review_date"
"Very good product for the price	review_date"
":)	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"I loveeee it!!	review_date"
I am a size 2ish normally
"I take it right off of her real quick anyways.	review_date"
"It's pretty and sexy!	review_date"
"Good product - sexy!	review_date"
"Too long and loose to be anything sexy on a skinny woman. If you're tall and medium to larger in width	 it would likely fit better. The picture is not good to go off of.	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Thank you look great	review_date"
"Nice鉂わ笍鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Too small ..	"
"Good  i like	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"looks great	review_date"
"It is great	review_date"
"One Size fits all is correct. Fits me perfect! I am 5'3 190lbs and i am very curvy and we loved the way it looked!	review_date"
"Product is great	 i'm love it. The reason why i am giving it a one star is because  it came defective out of the bag. The dress has a 3 black straight lines on the left breast/ shoulder area. The lines are about 4 inches long.Other than that product is great!	review_date"
"I'm going to let you all know - the little string on the one end of the thingy goes across your back. That's the top of the outfit. I didn't know. It took me a while. Don't struggle with judgmental cats watching. . .So	 this is like $9. Let's not get caught up on quality. It's a meshy	 stretchy thingy that probably can't endure great. . .stretches of the imagination.However	 it is comfortable	 compact and VERY stretchy. When you first see it	 it will look like a tube or material	 so	 chill - find the little string connecting the two sides of the thing and slide yourself into the lingerie with that string as the \tag\"" or back. Then you'll see the thing sort of stretches out and you'll get the pattern.This would be hot if you were naked or a nice overlay over another body-form dress or something.Or	 you know	 for. . .relations.""	review_date"
"This is very thin material and so may last one or two washes	review_date"
I was very disappointed in this purchase. What I received did not look like the picture. The outfit in the picture is sexy
"Way worth every penny paid for this!!! I was really worried when I first opened the package as it looked super small but it stretches nicely to fit almost anyone. I'm a 22/24 \u0026 42DDD \u0026 it fit like a glove. I love that it's so comfortable too. I wear it just around the house as well as special evenings for my husband. For being so clingy it is very flattering with the way it's cut \u0026 the pattern. I got it in blue \u0026 it is a beautiful shade of blue. I'm really happy I rolled the dice \u0026 made this purchase. I plan to buy more in other colors soon!	review_date"
"This little stretchy piece is super comfy and flattering. I'm 5'2	 115 lbs and it fit like a glove. Due to its super stretchy material this piece will fit a wide range of sizes and body types.	review_date"
"So much fun! I really enjoyed this lingerie. It was a tad small but I'm a tad large so it makes sense. The only sorta funky piece was the shoulder straps. They kinda look like a t-shirt that was cut to pieces and tied back together. Other than wishing the shoulder straps were a little nicer and not as thick	 I'm a fan!	review_date"
"I feel super sexy in this. I have never been able to have it I'm for more than 2 minutes so I guess I look good in it as well!! Buying more from the company	review_date"
"My wife is short so it's a little big on her	 but overall it looks nice. One size fits all	 isn't for everyone.	review_date"
"It just didnt fit well. I returned it.	review_date"
"Does not fit like the picture at all! I am 5'6 118 pounds and a bra size of 32DD the dress was much too	 long down to my knees and very loose	 I  going to try washing and drying and if that doesn't work cutting it shorter in order to pull it down tighter	review_date"
"It fits as expected the only complaint I have is that it's very thin and must be hand washed	review_date"
"Arrived quickly and as promised!  Great product and service!	review_date"
"Sexy as hell. Fits perfect. Very stretchy and comfortable soft material.	review_date"
"Not what I expected. It fits weird. The straps that go across in the front are too long and poke out. Not very sexy in my opinion. Other than that it serves its purpose	review_date"
"Pretty small I thought it would be bigger!	review_date"
"too small 	 material are irritating .	review_date"
"I love it !!	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Very nice. Came on time. Love the bag that it came in to store it. Wish it had more support but can't help that.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\	 165 and forgive me for bragging but I think I looked totally hot in it! LOL	 But seriously when I tried it on I felt really good in it	 the material is soft and stretchy and its very forgiving if you are self conscious like me. It seems to accent the good!""	review_date"
"Too tiny and is bad quality do not buy	review_date"
"Poor quality. Not made well. Disappointed	review_date"
"I leave reviews for the things I appreciate others doing for me. So for this little number here ya go. If you're lookin for something super sexy and completely revealing? This is it. My BF's bday is in a couple days and he is going to flip. I read a few reviews about size issues and patterns not the same. I bought the red one. It's about the same pattern as what I saw and I'm not disappointed. The material is extremely stretchy so if you're a thin woman you can adjust the material around to cover more of this area and expose more of that area. If you're a larger woman you probably wouldn't have the same adjustments available but the material will hug your body and I'm thinkin that's what ya want	 right? I'm 5'9\ and about 160 but I'm not in swimmer body condition and this itty bitty thing isn't too harsh on \""those\"" areas. I am probably going to buy one in another pattern and color because for the price it's totally worth it.""	review_date"
"1	review_date"
"This fits awful.  I thought the fabric would have some kind of elasticity to hold you in	 but it doesn't.  You have to have the perfect body for this.	review_date"
"poor product	review_date"
"Was to bigWas unhappy when I put it on  :(	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"Sexy!!	review_date"
"This dress wanted to make me buy more as someone who doesn't 'dress up' often - It's comfortable and slides on easy.  It covers just enough so I wasn't embarrassed but felt sexy at the same time.  My fiance LOVES it.	review_date"
"Tiny piece of thread basically. It doesn't tell you that the entire thing is see through. Every inch of it is	 even the back. It should be used more as a nighty than a dress to go out in.	review_date"
"WARNING!You get what you pay for.Very cheap product	 uneven cut edges with no finished edge stitching.Thin and weak material (like pulling ripped pantyhose all over your body)Might look good if you have fake boobs and no fat	 otherwise it shows the body in a very unflattering way.BEWARE: Even though their ad says (free shipping and free returns) THAT IS A LIE!!!They will not honour that	 if you try to return it	 it will say (this item is not eligible to return) I had to get Amazon's help to get my money back.Their are too many good companies for you to try that have similar items for you to buy without having to deal with hassles that FasiCat will cause you. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED:)	review_date"
Love this fishnet dress!I ordered black6 (the prettiest one I think 
"I only gave it 4 stars because like some other people said you will rip this if you don't take your time putting it on and adjusting it	 it may only get one wear once the hubby gets his hands on it	 that's how much confidence I have in the material. It is about the size of a 3 month old onesie for a baby when you take it out the package. I am a women's size 10 and juniors size 11	 36B and 5'4. It sits just below the butt and fits good. I will probably pair this with some thigh highs	 skip the garter because you will snag and rip it and skip any thongs that have rhinestones.	review_date"
"When we saw that one reviewer	 (who weighed 250 pounds)	 said it fit	 we were worried that it would be too big	 but this baby is made of some sort of amazing stretchable material that will fit just about anyone.  My wife is 5'8\ and under 150 lbs and it looks like it was made for her!  It's classy and sexy at the same time - absolutely our favorite sexy outfit.""	review_date"
"I am plus sized	 curvy 2x.  This looks small and weird when you first take it out of the discreet package but it stretches perfectly.  Looks sexy for the price and quality is as you would expect (may not last more than one use lol).  I have the black version but am looking at the pink next.	review_date"
"Was super excited to order this but felt it was a tad bit too big. Think it's a one size fits all and I'm really not that tiny so was surprised it felt a bit loose on me. I'm 5'3	145	 36D	 usually an 8-10 dress. Just feel like someone a few inches taller and maybe more like a size 12 or DDs would fill it out to its best. Probably just keep on hand for the price point since I'm too lazy to return. Might even just give it to a girlfriend who is taller and bigger than me who I think it will fit better. Nonetheless	 it's a nice and sexy piece. Just wished it hugged my curves better.	review_date"
"The product looks nothing like I expected it to nor did it resemble the picture.  Very cheaply made not worth the money. Badly stitched. It looks like someone just cut up a piece of cloth and put no care into it at all. I will be returning the one I bought. Me and my husband were very disappointed.	review_date"
"Love the feel of this fishnet. Very soft and hugs all my curves without constricting.  Arrived extremely fast as and the packaging is quite nice!! Thank you!	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Got it 	 fast	 love it 	 sexy!	review_date"
"For the price and what its gonna be used for its a good product. The girl wearing it should put it on feet first through the head hole.	review_date"
"Looks good on her.	review_date"
"It's sexy AF	 but runs just a wee bit too small for a woman with major curves.	review_date"
"Item exactly as advertised	 didn't stay on very long though馃槈	review_date"
"horrible	review_date"
"This is better than I expected for 12.99. It fit perfect	 I am 130	 5鈥?	 34B. Length wise it went a little past mid buttocks. I ordered small	 loved the purple color(my fav) and thinking about getting it in other colors. Great buy for a one time use	 it鈥檚 thin	 light	 and not the greatest material but also didn鈥檛 cost an arm and a leg. I love it! Excited it to wear it.	review_date"
"very comfortable lingerie! It fits me perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?weight 110 pounds. I like how it designed to show the curve of the body and and shape the breast very well.	review_date"
"This is a good lingerie. The color is good as shown on the image. My wife has large butt	 this one fits very well.	review_date"
"Perfect	 sexy and fits exactly as described.  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 142lbs (athletic) and ordered a medium.	review_date"
"I'm not usually one to buy lingerie because I'm so self conscious	 but this one I actually love and so did my partner. I ordered the large	 I'm 5'8 and about 165lbs.	review_date"
"The red is so much brighter than a wine red as described and advertised. Super disappointed because of that. It fits ok. I鈥檓 5ft 2	120lbs 32B and ordered a small. It鈥檚 fitted around my hips.But loose around the waist. The tie helps.. but even with that and the straps adjusted as tight as they will go	 it鈥檚 still not fitted to my chest.. which makes my mom boobs look sadder than they really are... which says a lot. The thong is a little big	 but works I guess.	review_date"
"My husband and I love it! I am 5鈥?鈥?and 178 lbs and I ordered a L/XL and it fits like a glove!! It鈥檚 eveb great quality for the price!	review_date"
"I am delighted with the color of this garment and with the feel of the lace.I wasn't sure what to expect as far as quality	 but this set has exceeded my expectations. I have worn this set several times now for photos and camming. I can move in it easily with no worries about it staying on or tearing.I was pleasantly surprised that the tiny little g-string actually fits comfortably and is just adorable. The satin ribbon across the back is a nice touch.The fabric has a soft feel	 has drape and flexibility and stretch. Again	 a pleasant surprise. As for fit	 it fit exactly as expected given the measurements provided. The straps of the top are adjustable so there is that option	 and the satin ribbon allows for a looser or tighter fit at the bottom of the bust.I highly recommend this set!	review_date"
"This is a literally a piece of junk.  It's some flimsy lace sewn together with a brittle 'satin' looking sash.  It just is AWFUL.  I'm NOT overweight	 just right	 but if you have any breasts whatsoever	 you will literally laugh out loud when you put this on.  It's just LACE flimsy fabric	 it's not lingerie!  I could make this out of a piece of flimsy fabric myself.  It was one of the worst pieces I've ever bought.  BEWARE	 I'm wondering who is reviewing this stuff!	review_date"
Absolutely beautiful! My man LOVES it 
"cuter on the picture than in person. gorgeous color but fit a little bit awkward	 small in some places even after adjusting the shoulders and the sateen bow. cute but not over the moon.	review_date"
"It's hard to rate this. I can't give a bad review to something that looks great on a model but not on me	 a 39 year old chubster. I gave myself false hope	 thinking it would cover all the usual flaws but alas....my flaws were a bit too flabby. I suppose it's made well for the model. Just don't buy it thinking you are going to look like her (unless you do	in which case good for you!)	review_date"
"The waist was too small	 the thong was too big. the lace was unraveling at the ends. It was pretty poor quality. But I half expected that with the price.	review_date"
"I love that this lingerie is see through but still leaves enough room for the imagination. It comes down just long enough to cover your buttocks.	review_date"
"The blue piece is beautiful	 but I was disappointed at how much larger it was. Really baggy in the middle. Matching panty is a cute accessory. May not be made for short women like me (5 feet zero).	review_date"
"Ordered a large	 my usual size	 and it was still a bit snug. Still looked good over all. The panties were wayyyyy to small and had no stretch on the sides so I tossed them and used my own.	review_date"
"Really nice piece of lingerie for the price! True to size	  for reference I'm 5'2	 150 lbs	 36 C	 size Large. Lace is not scratchy but it's not very soft. Again	 not bad for the price. Thong must be a one size fits all bc it's way too tight.	review_date"
"This fits perfectly	 is so flattering and really helped me feel sexy. My bf loves it	 too!	review_date"
"5鈥? 152lbs-cup size 38C  Ordered L after reading reviews. This exceeded my expectations! I ordered this as part of my new collection for my fianc茅鈥檚 return from overseas. The lace is absolutely stunning	 the satin ribbons are so elegant. It fit beautifully even for my fickle and unpredictable chest	 the girls tucked in perfectly and stayed nice and supple looking under the lace. I would definitely recommend this item as would my fianc茅.. we both have enjoyed it thoroughly!!	review_date"
"I really wanted to love this	 but it looks far more pretty in the picture! The fabric was pretty itchy and tears easily. I'd say it ran just a little large.	review_date"
"This is really pretty - that said	 the color is nothing like what was advertised.  I ordered blue - the pic showed a beautiful deep navy color	 but what I received is a bright electric	 almost neon	 blue.  Disappointing.	review_date"
"Hubby loved it	 however the top was weird shaped it didn鈥檛 fit properly.  I鈥檓 a 36C so it鈥檚 not like I don鈥檛 have enough to fill it but for some reason it looked a bit awkward. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?135lbs I purchased a medium	review_date"
"I would say this is just slightly on the small side	 but if you're gifted at all in the chest area	 this doesn't offer any support at all.	review_date"
"Wow	 just wow. Got this for my wife as a gift	 I won鈥檛 post any pics. Looked and fit amazing	 lace felt good quality. I will be purchasing more!!	review_date"
"This piece of lingerie was not one of the better inexpensive items I've bought on Amazon. The first time I put it on I was worried I would tear it because it feels so fragile. It also fit weird in the mid section. I wasn't impressed.	review_date"
"Runs very small	 I鈥檓 a 14/16 and the XL does not fit.	review_date"
"This sexy little number does the trick.	review_date"
"The thong that comes with it is way too small	 the dress fits nicely though	 doesn鈥檛 have as much stretch as I was hoping	review_date"
"Not a dark blue. More of a bright blue. Fit well but hated to have to tie the back. Cheap ribbon material.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and a little under 200 pounds ... and I ordered a XL and it doesn鈥檛 cover my lady parts nor does it cover half of my butt lol. It鈥檚 good for the price but don鈥檛 expect something crazy	review_date"
"Of very poor quality. I did expect that	 though. It's one of those lingerie that you buy knowing you can only wear it once. Oh well.	review_date"
"It came folded nicely	 but there was loose strands of string hanging. I made sure to cut them off before giving them to the woman.	review_date"
"Someone suggested ordering a size up	 so I did so. I don鈥檛 think that鈥檚 necessary. I would say order true to size.Quality is great. It鈥檚 a beautiful piece. I鈥檓 very happy with it	 especially considering the price!	review_date"
"First time buying lingerie on Amazon and I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this was. Sexy and flattering.	review_date"
"I ended up returning this item. I wasn鈥檛 impressed with the quality of the fabric and the color seemed just slightly off from the website. The strings in the thong isn鈥檛 sewn together so they twist up and tangle very easily. Overall it was still decent and looked cute but compared to the other lingerie I own it didn鈥檛 compare	review_date"
"This looks great on! Especially if you are like me and not comfortable with my post pregnancy body!  It is good quality	 but it runs a little small	 so I would recommend buying one size up!	review_date"
"Was hoping tying it in back and tightening straps would give it some support. Nope	review_date"
"LOVE the fit. I am a size small in women's clothing	 and it was very form fitting. The only con to the order was the color... (I ordered the Navy blue one) It looks a bit darker in the photo displayed but the style of it is nonetheless all I REALLY bought it for anyway. The color is the slightest bit off but well done @ AnloveKiss !! Amazing product	review_date"
"I love this lacy babydoll.  It will make you look and feel so sexy.	review_date"
"My husband liked this on his birthday. Enough said. 馃槈馃槉	review_date"
"She is a small and it fit perfectly	 so well so that we enjoyed the moment for hours. Thanks.	review_date"
"Medium fit a little tight (5'2	 160lbs). Not ideal for women with a longer torso. Definitely sexy and leaves little to the Imagination!	review_date"
"It was a lot nicer than ineas expecting for the lower price but I think it fits great	 is soft and is a beautiful purple 馃榿	review_date"
"Fits small	 lace cheap and fragile. 5鈥? 145 lbs got size Large	review_date"
"Gorgeous color and fabric very sexy	review_date"
"It is super cute. love the fit of it.	review_date"
"Very cute. No bust support - FYI. Can't beat the price	review_date"
"I guess it's ok for the price	 I thought that it was very cheaply made and didnt look as good in the picture. I ordered the size I always order and it was a little too small. I thought since there were straps that it would support the girls okay but it didnt.	review_date"
"This item is AWSOME	 I recommend to any couples who are looking to notice there sex life.	review_date"
"Very sexy but a little too big. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 110 lbs	review_date"
"Cute. Hubs liked it.	review_date"
"Soft material very sexy looking!!!	review_date"
"Very gorgeous piece	review_date"
"Cute and hot. Won鈥檛 last long but doesn鈥檛 cost much.	review_date"
"Beautiful blue color	 good material	review_date"
"I loved this item however I was a bit worried when purchasing! The material is just as expected	 cut was really nice and very reasonably priced! Super sexy!	review_date"
"馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits good	review_date"
"The product is similar to the photo on website however the color is a Iittle off. I ordered wine red and I received a dark red color. Overall it鈥檚 sexy and good and price is reasonable.	review_date"
"It looks sexy	 but I was not very impressed with the quality of the fabric. I ordered a small and it was a nice fit	 I was able to adjust the straps. I like it	 we'll see what the hubby thinks lol	review_date"
"Sexy lingerie is super sexy	 the husband likes very much.	review_date"
"I ordered a black one a while back. It was a XXXL and It felt like I could have used a size smaller because of the material.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Fitting on hips. Thin material but sexy	review_date"
"Loved!	review_date"
"Great quality	 fits great.	review_date"
"Its super cute	 just make sure you order one size up or two.	review_date"
"I loved	review_date"
"Sized up. Fits and looks perfect!	review_date"
"Very pretty! Fast shipping!	review_date"
"Fits nicely	review_date"
"I got a large and it was still to small and the color was not like the picture showed.	review_date"
"NOT THE EXACT COLOR.. color from picture is a lot darker. Mine came royal blue! Disappointed!	review_date"
"Called this the \breast feeding outfit\"". Not only did he enjoy it	 but I also enjoyed it was comfortable and the lace was soft. Small bow in the back fell off but that didn't bother me. Will purchase again.""	review_date"
"Great buy for the price for well and my husband loves it. Its held together very well after washes.	review_date"
"Looks super cheap and nothing like the picture.	review_date"
"Runs big but nice	review_date"
"A cute outfit.. very pleased	review_date"
"Love this and the way it fits.  Not too tight like most lingerie.  Very stretchy and easy to move in.	review_date"
"Great quality for the most part. Does fray a bit but not super noticeable. Hubby approved!	review_date"
"Not as explained	review_date"
"Its cute! My boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"Product ran small and the lace doesn鈥檛 stretch. Also a foul odor when take out of the bag. But you鈥檝e got to expect that for the price.	review_date"
"Easy access. This reveals all the important parts. Made me very confident because it hid my stomach	review_date"
"I'm 5ft tall 98lbs.. this did not fit correctly at all. Shame...	review_date"
"This product was horrible. It鈥檚 smells like chemicals and the fabric is cheap. It has no stretch or give. Impossible to put it	review_date"
"Itchy as all hell. Trust me it鈥檚 not worth it I basically threw 15$ down the drain and my gf was not a fan of the aforementioned itchy-ness	review_date"
"Just as described	review_date"
"Was hesitant to buy but so worth the price. Definitely fit well and was of nice material. Definitely worth the buy!	review_date"
"Loved it on my girl	review_date"
"It was nice	 but it was tight. I normally get mediums and that's what I ordered. It was too tight in the hip area.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?120 pounds	 small fit perfectly! Looked great! Fabric/stitching as expected for the price paying! 5 stars	review_date"
"I removed the lace off the straps because it felt too 鈥?5 and trying to spice things up鈥? It looks awesome	 and my guy loved it. Super comfortable and flattering.	review_date"
"fiance loved! panties were too small though	review_date"
"Cheaply made	 especially the thong. I do not recommend.	review_date"
"Material is nice and comfortable. It fit well and the color is very vibrant. I loved it	review_date"
"I couldn't fit into the product at all. The color was way to bright not a navy blue.	review_date"
"Definitely a brighter blue than in the picture but it was still pretty	review_date"
"I got the red and it fit perfectly.  I read the other reviews and bought the size larger	review_date"
"Bottoms were a little tight but did the job. Kind of cheap but worth the price	review_date"
"If you don鈥檛 need any support on top then I highly recommend this product	 it鈥檚 very cute.	review_date"
"Perfect and sexy turn on for me and partner...easy access to all holes	review_date"
"I love this	 just right.	review_date"
"It is cute but undies were too small.	review_date"
"Very sexy. My girlfriend is always sexy to me though	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 150lbs and got a medium and it fits just like the photo!	review_date"
"Shipped fast but it was too large.	review_date"
"my daughter that wears a size 2 could wear this	 it was just as pictured though!!	review_date"
"Cheap cheap cheap	review_date"
"Horrible quality. Size is way off. Runs very small.	review_date"
"The panties were terrible but the rest was PERFECT for my boudoir shoot. Love it	review_date"
"I love it!!! Im a thicker girl and always worry about how things fit and this fit perfect馃挄馃挄	review_date"
"Poor quality and terrible fit.	review_date"
"Looks good sexy too	review_date"
"yippee!!!!!!!!!!!	review_date"
"Super cute but	 the strap was broken and there was a hole in the fabric. 馃槙	review_date"
"I am a size 9-10. I ordered a large just to be safe. It was like a half shirt.	review_date"
"Way too small	review_date"
"Gorgeous color	 true to size. I'm 5'4\ 112 lbs and an XS fit perfect.""	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured. Fits as expected.	review_date"
"The material isn鈥檛 soft or comfortable. Looks great on just feels itchy	review_date"
"Im a size 14 and got XL and its way to small	review_date"
"The thong didn't even fit me and I got a size large.	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"My partner loved it and it did the trick!	review_date"
"Perfect. Better than I expected	review_date"
"Fits SMALL but cute	review_date"
"awesome	review_date"
"Perfect!!!	review_date"
"Not bad for the price. !	review_date"
"sizing isn't even close to accurate!	review_date"
"Good material	review_date"
"Fit great and super cute	review_date"
"Loved it!..	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Loved it!!!	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"Very nice. Accentuates curves.	review_date"
"Excelente...	review_date"
"Microscopic really. I do highly understand that this is a very limited coverage article of clothing that being said I couldn't even get it up over my hips. To buy the size that I would have needed would have been highly insulting and I have no interest in degrading my already low self-esteem. This went back which is too bad because it would have been a fun add.	review_date"
"I love the fit!	review_date"
"I love it and the wife loves it.	review_date"
"It's pretty but it's the size of a t shirt. I ordered the largest size and it was described to me as 38C-40D. There is no way in the world.	review_date"
"Loved the purple color and the ribbon was soft. The lace is pretty and it鈥檚 adjustable in the chest but pretty snug everywhere else. It surprisingly hide lots of 鈥渟ins鈥?and was very flattering. I gave 4 stars due to one flaw. The shoulders could be more secure. Mine fall off with light movement. The husband didn鈥檛 complain so it鈥檚 a 5 for him but I would like for the garment to stay in place during..well activities haha. The purple is a wine purple not a bright purple so it鈥檚 very pretty and flattering on skin types. I鈥檓 very pale and purple is one of those iffy colors but this was so rich looking in color that it popped. Probably why it鈥檚 good at hiding my flaws.	review_date"
"Love this outfit - perfect as described in pictures!! Comfortable	 easy to tie	 soft fabric. I鈥檓 5鈥? 125	 32DD and went with a medium. Love the long leg look on my back side.	review_date"
"PERFECTION!!!! Better than I expected. Lace is beautiful	 the fit is perfect and I am very pleased.	review_date"
"I just received mine today and it was more than I expected. Im 5'9	 164 lbs	 36C	 if you have a nice butt this will definitely be a plus It is absolutely gorgeous very sexy	 your mate will love this. I do recommend that you go up a size these do run small. I wear Large	 but I got an XL and it fits me perfectly. I hope this was helpful to my curvy women.	review_date"
"	review_date"
"I ordered this to wear for my boyfriend and he LOVES it!!!  The lace material is really nice and it looks nice on as well.  I've seen some cheap looking teddies at certain lingerie stores and I was surprised to find this well made one online.  Definitely a happy customer!	review_date"
"I'm a L/XL in shirts and a size 10 in jeans and I got a XXL and I felt like it fit like a large. It doesn't look bad but the strap going around is a little tight. Only thing I was a little disappointed with was the color of the item. It's more of a Barney purple then a sexy maroon/purple.	review_date"
"I am 5'11 and I am always worried about body suits fitting me. I weight around 180 and I ordered a large it fits so perfect. The waistband hits at my natural waist and really defines the curve of my body	 plus no weird muffin top. The back is also adjustable so I am able to make it a lot tighter since I have B cups. I used to have a body suit like this and I always had a lot of extra fabric on top but this one is really adjustable and easy to make the perfect fit!	review_date"
"I usually don't write reviews	 but I am in love with this sexy elegant one-piece. I am 5'0'' and I weight 155 lb	 I ordered a Medium and it fits fine. The adjustable straps make it great. This one-piece will make you feel so sexy.	review_date"
"Great for curvier girls! I have a tummy pooch and tend to stay away from monokini style swimsuits and lingerie because those accent my problem area. I took a chance on this one because I loved how the back layed. I am so glad I did! I am 4'11	 157lbs	 shorter torso	 with a small waist (but excessive tummy skin)	 wide hips and a butt and the XL fit great! I feel soooo sexy in it and will mostly like other colors.	review_date"
"Wife鈥檚 Review:I am 5鈥?鈥?(more torso tall)	 weigh 140 lbs.	 34DD. I usually wear a 5/6. Due to reviews I got a Medium and it was Absolutely Perfect! The fabric is stretchy and the straps adjust. I didn鈥檛 have an issue getting it over my hips but some women who are more curvy than I am	 I guess	 said they had. I am an athletic body type	 so I was a little concerned but it was just fine. Fabric is soft and has some give to it (a little stretchy). Good Quality for the Price! You won鈥檛 be disappointed	 my husband was certainly not! Made our night without the kids absolutely perfect!I will definitely order from them again!	review_date"
"Medium fit me well I鈥檓 5鈥? and 150 lbs. very thin lace but adjustable with the two ties. Of course it鈥檚 cheaply made but it鈥檚 cheap sooooo it鈥檚 worth it 100%	review_date"
"I think this piece is great. I t was not a good choice for my body type but thats on me. Have ordered 4 other shapes from this company and love each one. I am 5'5 and 165. I ordered a large for each item. I wear a 38D bra and have very heavy breasts so	 of course	 my breasts don't stay in place like the models in the product descriptions but i didnt expect them to. They still stay secured. I am extremly happy with what i received for my money.	review_date"
"I have been a trying to stock up on lingerie for when my husband gets home from his NINE MONTH deployment.  So far this is my favorite one.I bought the nude color one...my goodness. Somehow its sexier than being naked. Its almost completely shear and since im naturally tan anyways it almost blends in with my skin. I love it.Im 5'9	 36 C and i weigh 190.  I wanted to post photos of me in it so that you ladies could get an idea for how it fits my body type	 but since its basically the color of my skin	 I'd practically be naked and im not that comfortable in having those online. I'll just send them to my husband instead. But seriously	 get this one!The only thing that is off about it	 the underwear part is a bit too big for me (its really stretchy...which is good!) But it still looks amazing. My husband will love it! Can't wait!	review_date"
"Nice style and material. My wife liked the color and feel. The small was a bit large for her	 she is 5'2\ about 110. Overall	 we enjoyed it.""	review_date"
"Wow	 it looks great! I ordered it in black	 money well spent! I was super nervous it'd be a rip off but it exactly as described.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it for my man. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 145 pounds and wear a 34/36 B I ordered a medium but wish I would have gotten a small. It鈥檚 stretchy and easily adjustable so it鈥檒l get the job done I鈥檓 sure. If you are on the slimmer less curvy side I would definitely suggest getting a small. I got the coffee color and it鈥檚 very pretty I would recommend!	review_date"
"This is really sexy on.  I have it both in purple and black	 and it does its job well.  The only complaint is that because my torso is shorter and I have a small frame (the ladies are not large"
"Just got it in the mail today and was very happy when I tried it on! It was my first time trying a onsie styled lingerie piece	 but after my boyfriend mentioned he liked this kind of style	 I knew I wanted to buy one for him. I am 5'3	 140 lbs and a 34c bra size. I was debating between a small and a medium	 but after reading about the gaping in the chest from the other reviews	 I went with a small and am happy I did. It was a tiny bit tight putting it on as I pulled it up over my thighs	 but besides that	 fits great! The material is very stretchy and you can adjust the straps in the back. It also appears as if it would hide well under normal clothes. Excited to wear it and see what the boyfriend thinks "
"Over all	 it鈥檚 a great piece! A few reasons it only got 3 stars...I am 5鈥?鈥? 105lbs	 and the small was just a bit too large. And x-small would have fit like a glove! However	 it still looks fairly decent being too large.The color is definitely NOT a plum purple! It is a very bright	 almost neon purple. Not a huge deal	 but definitely doesn鈥檛 go as well with my pasty white skin tone.The front has a small tear right at the seam. The front lays a bit funny because of the tear	 but I鈥檓 also very small chested...so everything kind of lays funny 馃榿The lace is very nice! I like that the elastic is adjustable! I plan on keeping it and hopefully my husband will like it	 even with the few flaws 馃槝	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE this. OMG ladies its so flattering	 especially if you have a little belly fat you wanna hide	 but still want to look sexy.	review_date"
"I ordered a M and it fit perfectly! So sexy too. For reference	 I'm 5'0 135lbs 34B :)	review_date"
"This material is so soft! I'm 5'2	 150# and a medium fits ok	 but is a little short. So it pulls down a little much. Everything else fits perfect! I would definitely buy lingerie from this seller again!	review_date"
"I did wear this with a robe but my hubby loved it !! It was easy to come off. My breast are big so I did get a large 	 i wanted it to have my breast sit up a little better  (didn鈥檛 really happen) but honestly	 who cares when it鈥檚 coming off.	review_date"
"I ordered this in a large because I am sometimes between a medium and large and I am bottom heavy and wanted to be on the safe side as far as fitting. Surprisingly it fit a bit loose but it still looked great. The material is very thin so beware of washing in a machine and drying. There is no support for breast in case you need it or would like something supportive in the breast. Overall I liked the piece and I purchased for extremely  cheap so it was well worth the price.	review_date"
"First let me start off by saying that this design is super pretty	 HOWEVER- the proportions are extremely off?? Now maybe it鈥檚 just me because I鈥檓 5鈥? and pretty curvy but still relatively small. I鈥檝e got a big butt haha and I鈥檓 a b cup so wasn鈥檛 expecting much support in the chest area (there wasn鈥檛 any) but I had hoped this thing would at least cover my butt properly (it didn鈥檛	 the 鈥減anty鈥?part of the teddy is way too long to fit a normal person鈥檚 behind. It came up to the center of my back??) I also have a long torso which is important to mention because I sometimes have trouble finding body suits and things that don鈥檛 pull just a little too much	 but this thing was wayyyyyyyy too long. I got it in a medium	 which is my normal T-shirt size and it fit around me just fine but even the placement of what I would imagine is the 鈥渃enter鈥?string (where the bow is attached to the straps) makes no sense whatsoever. It should be at your waist. This was around my hip bones and it looked bizarre. Also was sort of difficult to get on because the back piece is kinda funky. Maybe if I was like 6 feet tall with huge boobs and no ass	 it would have fit properly. I鈥檓 sad to return it because it is the same shape and plum color as the picture but there鈥檚 no way I can make this work :( if you do decide to buy it	 good luck to you. I hope it fits other people and my proportions are just off but I鈥檝e bought other pieces from this company before and they fit fine so this one might just be a fluke.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a 6 ft tall usually XL in products like this and decided to size up to an XXL because I was afraid it wouldn鈥檛 be long enough for my torso	 and I鈥檓 glad I did. The length is perfect. Because I sized up	 it definitely fits a bit large in the chest but it still looks very sexy and I don鈥檛 think anyone but me would notice the size isn鈥檛 perfect. The only issue I have is purely small and cosmetic	 one of the fasteners is white and the rest are clear so it does show a little bit and makes it look a little cheaper? Also the tag in the body suit is enormous and a bit tricky to cut out without either leaving a big white line or snipping the clothing. Other than those minor two things	 this was a great buy!	review_date"
"I was a little nervous making this purchase just because I have had lingerie sent in my size and it is way too small. That was not the case with this teddy	 it actually fit very well and in all the right places that are usually sticking out or not covered. The lace is not flimsy or fragile it's actually thick lace and sturdy straps the detail is perfect. I was very happy with my purchase and it definitely served it's purpose with the fiance!!	review_date"
"I ordered this in a small and I love the way it fits. It's not supportive to the chest area so keep that in mind if you're big busted like myself but it's simple and sexy and not complicated to get on and off. Easy to wear under clothes and flattering to the body	review_date"
"DO NOT BUY. THIS PRODUCT CAME TO ME BROKEN!!!! THERE IS MISSING STITCHING SO IT DOESNT EVEN ATTACH TO THE NECK PIECE. UNBELIEVABLE THEY WOULD ALLOW THIS TO LEAVE THEIR STORE. AN UNFINISHED JOB. VERY DISAPPOINTED BECAUSE IT IS VERY CUTE AND NOW I HAVE TO TAKE THE TIME OUT OF MY DAY TO RETURN THIS PIECE OF CRAP!!!	review_date"
"OMG i love this. Fits true to size. Im 5'8 215 ordered XL and fits perfect. I ordered 6 items form this seller and this is my favorite one. Will be ordering the other colors.	review_date"
"I felt beautiful and sexy the instant I put it on!!! I will admit it took me a minute to figure out how to hook the neck enclosure	 but it was a minute well spent! My boyfriend was in love!!! 馃槏馃槏馃槏So much so that he did the laundry that night so I could wear it again! Lol.	review_date"
"It took me a hot minute to get into this thing the first time	 had to adjust strings and figure out where all of my stuff was supposed to go. Once I did get it on	 then I really got it on lol. My parter couldn鈥檛 keep his hands off me and I wasn鈥檛 complaining. Definitely loved it	review_date"
"Only thing is you need to get a size larger than you are. I'm 5ft 6in and 145lbs and got a large even though I'm usually a medium in things. But amazing quality and material and fits very well!	review_date"
"Okay so I am 180lbs 5'4 and 36DDD this fit everywhere except my upper body. I got a large. Should have gone with an xl  ecause of my breast. Other than that its very pretty and delicate mine ripped a little at the edges because of my breast being too big for it.	review_date"
"This is my go-to gift for bachelorette parties.  It is sexy	 great material and men seem to love it.  My friends always say their husbands LOVE this outfit.  Fit as expected and is flattering as it sinches at the waist.Highly recommend.	review_date"
"I cannot believe the quality of this product for the price. I鈥檒l probably never buy lingerie at Victoria鈥檚 Secret after this. This product exceeded my expectations and looks soooooo great! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 140lbs ordered a size small. It was comfortable but I think I could probably have went with the XS and it would have been fine. There are adjustable straps around the rib cage which helped this piece look much more fitting :)	review_date"
"Absolutely stunning!! And surprisingly comfortable. I could easily sleep in it if I wanted to. I ordered a M but when I get another I will size down. I鈥檓 137 lbs 5鈥?鈥? A small would fit perfectly. Adjusted the straps to make the medium work.	review_date"
"I was hesitant because of the style of this but I'm soooo happy I read the reviews from some bigger women saying it's super flattering....they were soooo right!! I'm 5'5\ and 185lbs wear a size 12. This is the most flattering thing I have ever put on my body I literally never want to take it off!!!!""	review_date"
"This is my favorite piece of lingerie I own! I wear a size 6 in American Eagle jeans and a large in undies 32C and I ordered a large. I have a longer torso and have problems with front wedgie action but this surprisingly doesn't give me camel toe. My boobs don't fill the chest completely but since its lace	just lays over and is still very pretty . Very pretty and flattering. Will purchase MANY more!	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 and 190 pounds. I ordered a xl. Fits just right on me. I'm loving it.	review_date"
"I'm a 36 DD 150 about 5'4\ a large fits perfect. So cute. Good quality""	review_date"
"Very high quality	 and soft. I am 5'7 145 lbs and the medium fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I bought this teddy one piece lace based on the size chart provided. I am a size 8 jeans	 29 waist	 38 D - i purchased a large and it was just a tad too big. My boobs would not stay put in the front because there was extra material from the one piece. On the back I had to use the adjustable straps all the way in hopes it would keep my girls somewhat put. The entire one piece seemed off by one size. I returned and will be purchasing a medium. I will update my post when I receive the new item.	review_date"
"bought a large because I usually wear an extra large and wanted this to be tight and teasing for the boyfriend. ended up coming in a cute resealable package(yay) but after removing it from the package I noticed the strap around the neck had cone out of the one side of the chest piece(not yay). thankfully it was an easy fix. sadly my hopes of barely fitting into this were quickly dashed after I put it on. Back side is saggy as well as the chest bit which I has adjusted to complete tightness. Boyfriend enjoys it though.	review_date"
"Love this so much! I dont think i've ever felt so confident in lingerie	 its just so pretty and feminine	 cant wait to use it for valentines day! I ordered the small since its the smallest size	 but it is a little bit big on me so i would say if you can	 maybe go down a size. Easily my new favorite lingerie piece i own and you cant beat the price	review_date"
"Idk what it is but there's something about the cut and look of this that guys REALLY love. The reviews are right though definitely go a size or two up because the torso is really short (I'm 5'2 with big boobs and the large ended up being the best size)	review_date"
"This fit perfectly. High quality material. Much nicer than I expected for the price paid.	review_date"
"5'9	 165 lbs	 ordered the extra large in the light green.The color is true to the photo and it fits well. It was a little weird putting it on with all the straps and pieces	 but I figured it out. It looks absolutely great and it's surprisingly comfortable.	review_date"
"It is just right for lacey appearance	review_date"
"I loved wearing this and definitely plan on buying it in different colors! It鈥檚 so comfortable and sexy and surprisingly flattering! I debated between a small and a medium	 bc I鈥檓 a little bottom-heavy. I went with the small	 and it was still a tad large. It has an elastic waist and the back straps are adjustable	 so if you鈥檙e leaning toward a medium	 go with a small.	review_date"
"This whole \buy a size bigger\"" that everyone says... don't do it. Based off what I read in the comments and answers to my questions	 I ordered a medium. This thing was WAY too big.Also	 the damn straps in the back are ridiculous to manage and not have all twisted.Fabric is super soft	 extremely sexy once you get the damn straps managed.""	review_date"
"I absolutley loveeeeee this! I'm normally a large but ordered an XL and it fits just right. I'm about 5'2 160 and almost a DDD. It's so comfy I'm ordering a second one to sleep in. 馃槏馃槏 cannot wait for my hubby to see this!	review_date"
"Small piece came apart when putting it on. Sewed it and now it looks GREAT	review_date"
"Super sexy! My husband loves it	review_date"
"I love how it would鈥檝e looked on me BUT it was way too long. I know I鈥檓 a small	 and sometimes an extra small depending on the website. But	 I just felt like the torso on this piece was extraordinarily long. Or maybe it was the length of fabric allotted for the thong portion. Either way	 I didn鈥檛 want to waste my time or money sending  it back so I gifted it to a friend who I hope has better luck than me.	review_date"
"My girl liked it	 and so did I!! Ha ha	review_date"
"Loved it for very nice no nip slips	review_date"
"Looks great! Only complaint is that it's tight going over my hips. Little bit of a struggle there. But then it's a bit too loose around my waist area. So if you're a little on the curvy	 hippy side just keep in mind it's not very stretchy in that area. Overall nice lingerie!	review_date"
"I must admit I was skeptical. It's really pretty and fun. I'm only 4'9 and a D cup so I was worried it would be too long but with a little adjustment with the length of straps it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I love how sexy I look in this piece. I didn鈥檛 think I could pull it off	 but I most certain did and the hubby is very pleased. The fit is perfect in the right places. I have black	 but I may just order another in a different color.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and the lace is surprisingly soft! The purple is very dark on but gorgeous. I only wish it would come off easier like with ties. It won't be complex but if it fell off that would obviously be better. I'm 5'5\ and 145ish. Medium fits great! Fits well and covers my 38b chest and the sides don't dig in to my hips and create muffin tops. It lays flat. It really looks amazing. Not sure how well it will hold up but with care it should be fine. Thanks for helping me out with gorgeous lingerie for my husband's return from deployment without having to haul my kids to VS!""	review_date"
"Definitely size up with this product. While the chest is cut well for a medium to large bust	 the string that reaches around at the belly button is quite tight. I consider myself to be quite athletic and fit	 but unless you have 0% body fat... it will push your skin outward and create the illusion of a muffin top.... which isn't attractive.	review_date"
"My hubby loved it it fitted just right	review_date"
"This outfit is beautiful fits perfect. I normally wear a lg- xlg but ik too order up a size in this company the xxl fits perfectly with some room.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?160lbs size med in purple. Fit like a dream and in comparison to any local retailer	 was completely worth it. Ordering in another color	 now that I鈥檝e tried it on. You won鈥檛 regret this purchase. 馃檶馃徑	review_date"
"This was my first lingerie purchase and honestly I鈥檓 so glad I purchase this one! I鈥檓 currently 5鈥? weighing about 170lbs I have a few chunky parts of my body	 with this piece it hides it all and it actually makes me look thinner! I absolutely love it! It鈥檚 not to bold but just enough sexuality into it! It鈥檚 perfect for those who are staring out with lingerie!	review_date"
"I love the pink color. It is to die for. The fabric is soft and feels really sexy against your skin. I love the one piece design as keeping  up with the 2nd piece can be a pain. This fits well and my hubby couldn't leave it on long. That makes for one happy mama	review_date"
"I'm 110 lbs \u0026 5'1\ and the small was perfect. The material is delicate but nice and it's very sexy on""	review_date"
"Very pretty version of nice lingerie. For the price it fits nicely 	 color was pretty.	review_date"
"Very sexy!! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? weigh 167 lbs and a large was perfect. You can adjust it a little because of the ties around the neck area. Packaging was good and arrived on time.	review_date"
"My man loved this! I鈥檓 a bigger gal	 18 pant and xxl top	 it fit me and the high sides gave the illusion of some Kardashian booty!	review_date"
"Do not like this at all! The breast area looks terrible. Just very weird looking. Maybe will look better on smaller breast	 or implants. I鈥檓 a 32DD and no support for my girls. Looks bad!	review_date"
"This is gigantic! I even ordered a small	 it鈥檚 got huge left over fabric at the chest	 sides etc.The color also is off	 it blended in too closely to my skin	 my first bad lingerie purchase on amazon :/Sent it back	review_date"
"Clearly this was not made for me	 or anyone without photoshop and tape.The fabric is extremely flimsy and frayed upon arrival. There is no support or anything to keep the fabric	 or anything else for that matter	 in place.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?130lbs- bought a size small. Fits great	 any bigger and it would be too big. Slightly loose on top (I鈥檓 a 34b) but can be adjusted pretty well. Very happy with this purchase. Also arrived on time before projected arrival date.	review_date"
"small y more like a medium	 the rest is great	review_date"
"I ordered four different styles and colors of Avid Love lingerie as a Christmas surprise for my boyfriend	 and I'm severely disappointed. Upon opening each item	 every single one had a strong odor similar to plastic or chemicals	 which could be dangerous to wear around my genitals. I decided to hand wash each piece in cold water to be safe and lay them to dry over my bath tub	 taking extra care to follow the washing instructions. The panties of two of those items left dye stains on my white tub that I cannot get out	 which will affect my ability to retrieve my $200 security deposit at the end of my lease. Now $40 worth of cheap lingerie has cost me hundreds of dollars. Not worth it at all and I'm pissed. I'll be leaving this same review on all four items so people know.	review_date"
"So disappointed. The quality of the lace is great	 but it fits like a giant bedsheet. At 5鈥?鈥? AA \u0026 115lbs	 I鈥檓 usually an xs / s but this was outrageously large. The waist fit fine. The boobs will only fit if you鈥檙e a perky C \u0026 the back would only fit if you either have a kardashian butt or a very high waist.	review_date"
"Bought for a friend for her honeymoon and she loved it and so did her new husband!	review_date"
"This fits great as expected. I am 5鈥? and weigh 130lbs and medium was perfect. I do have to say that the chest area is a little bit unflattering since it doesn鈥檛 support your boobs at all. A small would probably look better. Remember this is lace and they stretch a lot. Other than that	 my husband loves it and it feel comfy.	review_date"
"Damn sexy	 have 3 colors and the wife still loves it. Might only last a season but with it.	review_date"
"This lingerie is so beautiful.  Fits perfectly and the quality is really good	review_date"
"Love this super sexy and the hubs loves it which is all that matters.	review_date"
"Pros: super sexy	 pretty purple color	 comfy	 well pricedCons: smelled of chemicals when I pulled it out	 too big for me	 probably not machine washable and able to be dried.for reference	 I am 5'8 and my waist is 30 inches	review_date"
"Wife looks insanely hot in this and has made for some very racy photos! She鈥檚 thick	 curvy and busty and it fits her great.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and wear a 36D. I purchased the large	 color purple. It hugged my body in ALL the right places. If you need to make some minor changes for a better fit	 there are two adjustable straps. I would definitely recommend this item for someone who carries a little more junk in the trunk	 but has other valuable assets to complement the package.	review_date"
"It looked good on my ex girlfriend. Needless to say once she put it on	 it came off pretty fast.	review_date"
"I like this body suit lengerie 	 its Nice design and have a unique style . Can wear with shorts or pants .have a nice cleavage in the front .It's  comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"The color was different than pictures and it was a bit bigger than described. Otherwise everything was good.	review_date"
"Love this! For great	 and really quality!	review_date"
"This piece is cute	 BUT the top part is very narrow and doesn't offer full boob coverage. I'm a 36DDD and it was barely covered my nipples let alone the entire or half my boob. It is very cute and well made though. Also a tad long in the torso.	review_date"
"Had it on for like 2 mins. Boyfriend loved it !	review_date"
"This product is sexy and comfortable to wear. I've used it in multiple photoshoots and intimate moments with my boyfriend and we both love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful lace halter! Ordered this in Medium...could've went with a Small. Has a good stretch to it! Very comfortable! I'm 160lbs 36DD-29-44 and the medium was long and baggy in the front... Will buy in other colors!	review_date"
"Perfect to size! I'm 5'4..150 pounds..little belly...little butt..big boobs..N medium fits great!! Small could work too..	review_date"
"Super cute one and very flattering	review_date"
"I bought this product for my friends lingerie party before she got married and she absolutely loves it as so does her now husband. She said that it makes her feel super sexy and comfortable. I am in the process of deciding what color I want in order to purchase one for myself too!	review_date"
"I will not lie I was very scared ordering this but I love it! I'm petit 5'1\ and weight 122 size 5 pants a 27 bust and I ordered a S and it fit perfect! I bought it for me and my boyfriend trip he is going to love it!""	review_date"
"Absolutely fantastic! It arrived on time and well packaged. It is extremely sexy.  The lace is sheer and the red color is vibrant. I ordered a medium and it fits me perfect. I am 5鈥? and 150 pounds. I am lookin forward to wearing it for my husband for Valentine鈥檚 Day!!!!	review_date"
"This looked as expected but was really too much trouble getting on and off! Some snaps in the crouch would have helped because the hooks are in the back of the shoulder and not visible so you can鈥檛 realky get it in and re-hooked without help (unless you are a contortionist . I don鈥檛 think I鈥檇 use it again it was more aggravation than it was worth 馃檮	review_date"
"Totally awesome...being a plus size chick it fit well and I felt really sexy in it. My boyfriend thought it was nice on me as well. Thinking about getting another one in a different color.	review_date"
"I measure 36-26- 48 this fit me so perfect. I believe i ordered the large or xl having bigger hips and butt always makes shopping a pain. It gives lots of lift to your girls and the lace doesn鈥檛 snag my body jewelry. Very slimming effect.	review_date"
"I'm 5'0 and weigh 120 lbs. Fits me perfectly. The material is stretchy which makes it super comfy.	review_date"
"I love this one piece lingerie it鈥檚 sexy I鈥檇 recommend it to everyone!	review_date"
"The color is gorgeous and the lace is very high quality. The design is very sexy with a low cut section missing from the front and an open back. The fit was a little on the small side. The elastic at the waist was the issue for me.	review_date"
"Nice color	 awesome material! I got it in a medium I鈥檓 5鈥? 130 Lbs might of gotten away with a small instead due to it being a little loose because that鈥檚 what I normally wear but I took the chance Incase it was too small but should of went with my normal sizing.	review_date"
"I bought this one piece body and it looks so nice. The lace does not look cheap at all. I was worried about the color but is dark purple	 as I like it.About the size. I am size 34C on bra and size 12 on pants and got size Large. It runs big for my on the chest but if I pull from the neck it looks good (I am thinking about making the neck small so it will be thighter).	review_date"
"This is great. I'm 5'5 120 and I ordered a medium. The adjustable straps make them great and fit perfect. Highly recommend to everyone.	review_date"
"My wife loves this garment - and I love seeing her in it!The fit is great	 and the quality of the material is very good.	review_date"
"Runs a bit small!  I'm 5'8 155 pounds. I typically wear a size 6. I ordered a medium. Very good quality material. Nice cut for an hour glass figure.	review_date"
"Beautiful color and looks great on	review_date"
"O.M.G. I'm in love! The lace is soft	 it fits with a lot of room because of the adjustable sides	 and it's stunning!!! Wore for a boudoir shoot and both myself and the photographer loved how it fit and how flattering this piece is.	review_date"
"Super cute	 well worth the money	 fits so good. I鈥檓 a 38ddd and wear an XL in clothing. Would def recommend!  Like the comment if it helped you 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Sexiest thing ever!!I鈥檓 a thiiiick girl and my guy went crazy over this! Plus I felt super sexy too!	review_date"
"Ordered up a size based on reviews (XL). I'm 5\6 and was 208lbs should have gotten a L. This is super sexy.""	review_date"
"I love this it fits perfectly I will ordered again from them 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Wow...impressed considering the price! Color is perfect	 fabric is soft. Can鈥檛 go wrong for the price!!! Would order again.	review_date"
"Super hot!  My husband just died.  It is made of a comfortable tee shirt type material.  It has also washed well.	review_date"
"Fits well 	 love it . Good qualityDoesn鈥檛 get tangled	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"SLIGHTLY on the larger side but otherwise it's perfect! Super soft lace and looksbghreat on	review_date"
"I was nervous about the piece not being the exact color I saw online but item is true to color. Also	 the fit on this is PERFECT!! So I鈥檓 very pleased!! Also	 the lace AvidLove uses on their clothing is so soft. I had a small hiccup with my tracking so I contacted customer service. They resolved the issue immediately and answered all the questions I had.	review_date"
"My outfit came in a nice zip Lock sealed clear pouch. Which I can use to store it in to keep lace from being picked at. I ordered the X-Large and it fit (I usually wear a large/X-large shirt). Hope this helps!	review_date"
"Not very flattering unless you look like a model and have small breasts. Thought I'd try it but I'm too curvy it didn't sit right on me.	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and it was saggy. Ugh	 didn鈥檛 like up like in the pics	 it sort of lay opened like a book on my chest. Midline is awkward. Returned.	review_date"
"Sooo cute and sexy! Love this piece and seems like it would fit most body shapes.	review_date"
"Beautiful item - the lace looks very nice and good quality (more notable given the price!). I've also machine washed this item and it came out great after. Overall	 loved it!	review_date"
"It's a cute item but my gf is a true small and this item was too large for her to consider wearing.	review_date"
"This is the strangest fit i have ever seen in a body suit.  I am 5鈥?0 and slender build and usually have a hard time finding one long enough for me.  This one drops like 3 inches awkwardly below my crotch.  It鈥檚 allegedly a small	 and the top around my throat and shoulders fits like an xs almost too tight. but the rest of it literally dangles from my body.  I鈥檓 going to return it.  I have no idea who this was designed for.	review_date"
"sexy and very good quality	review_date"
"My fiance loved this lingerie. I did as well	 the fit was perfect and the material was of high quality lace.	review_date"
"The halter piece makes this very easy to get on and off. The lace is beautiful and well made! Very flattering to my body	 I love it!!	review_date"
"Fit perfect and he was on me as soon as I came out of the bathroom!	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable!	review_date"
"I feel so sexy when I wear this! It hides and displays my best features. Beautiful rich blue color too. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Soft and stretchy! Can鈥檛 beat the prices on this lingerie. Better than things I鈥檝e purchased from VS!	review_date"
"Too short for me and my long torso :(	review_date"
"Purchased in red. Arrived quickly and fit perfectly.  The material used is a very good quality and feels great on. Very sexy on!!	review_date"
"great fit	review_date"
"I love this! I am 5鈥? and 168 lbs	 32D and I ordered a medium and it fits very well! Nice light fabric and the color is so pretty. A lot of people said to size up but I don鈥檛 think it runs small at all.	review_date"
"The lace is soft and my wife looked absolutely amazing. She does anyways	 but this made my jaw hit the basement floor...	review_date"
"I bought this for my now wife for our honeymoon. It is very sexy and fit her well	 as the size should. My wife loved it and was very happy with this. I have to say that this was much better in person. The fit and look of this was amazing. I bought the red	 which was perfect.	review_date"
"I have very large breasts though	 and they didn't fit in the areas meant for them	 not properly anyway. But they did the trick cuz he was definitely interested :P	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥? 155lbs \u0026 ordered a large. 鈥楪irls鈥?are natural D鈥檚 \u0026 this is flattering all the way around. Great product \u0026 material.	review_date"
"Fitss perfect. My husband like's it very much. I use it pretty often.	review_date"
"This was great thought it wouldn't fit but it did perfectly so whoever out their wondering how it fit would it fit tight or loose just order your size you wear and I bet it a fit you perfect I got a medium I lost weight I'm about 130 now and it still fits not sagging or loose at all	review_date"
"It's pretty and color is true. I'm 5'6	 190 lbs	 curvy. I usually am an XL in clothing. Only thing I didn't care for was the neck but for the price	 it's a really nice teddy.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"It fit too loosely on me and I didn't think I was that small of a person. But I'm 5'4\	 about 135 lbs	 34D. I just didn't like the way it looked on me. I think it was looser in some parts than others.""	review_date"
"I love this! It's stretchy	 but you really don't need the stretchy if you go by the size chart. It's beautiful and covers my lower tummy area 	 which I appreciate lol! Basically covers flaws you may have 馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Very soft and relatively sexy	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Love Love Love this item!  Fits perfectly and is made very well!	review_date"
"This was very sexy. I bought the red color and it is a brighter red. It fit perfectly and had adjustable straps to make tighter. For $12 you can't go wrong and I will be purchasing more in different colors!	review_date"
"Wearing this on my wedding night..I think my fiance will approve. Fits very nice \u0026 not too tight	review_date"
"My bf loved this on me!!	review_date"
"It literally hangs down past my crotch on me	 I thought it was gonna be too tight but it鈥檚 loose and stretchable. I would size down if you have a small waist or if you鈥檙e planning to wear it more like a thong! Otherwise it鈥檚 baggy	review_date"
"The back portion of the bottom half comes to the center of my back and attaches to the portion where the bow is in the middle. I wish this part was much much lower. Although it fits elsewhere and I have a big butt	 the bottoms are way too big and I鈥檓 dissatisfied with how stupid it looks on my small body.	review_date"
"Overall quality is wonderful! Color is a little bit brighter than expected but still a really nice piece! I would order a size up if i had it to do again though.	review_date"
"So fricken cute but my boobs were too big so it fit funny. This is definitely a small boob girl piece. I ended up giving it to my roomie - she was stoked.It is really beautiful I wish I could wear it.I ordered a small and am 5'4 118lbs and 32DD and the boobs were just busting out (not in a good/sexy way)	review_date"
"Fantastic. My wife looks amazing in it.	review_date"
"I liked the fit	 only problem I had was they put the brand tag in the front and when I pulled it off it tore up the front lace a bit but not very noticeable	 also the sowing of the back wasn鈥檛 centered. Overall it鈥檚 a good buy for the price. I have spent hundreds at High end dept stores and have been more dissatisfied than with this item! I will definitely buy again.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5 ft 2鈥? bust 34 and waist 27 based on the size chart and persons reviews I purchased the medium and it doesn鈥檛 fit perfectly its loose in certain areas. I鈥檇 be lying if I said I wasn鈥檛 disappointed. I selected the purple	 in the picture it looks more burgundy but now that I鈥檝e received it	 it鈥檚 definitely more purple	review_date"
"i liked it	 he loved it :)	review_date"
"So saucy! Fit as expected and definitely spiced things up!	review_date"
"I did not like this piece of lingerie. There's barely anything to the back and I feel like it is very cheap. there's pretty much cloth in all of the places you want to get to.. so it ends up coming off anyway. Lol It was a waste of money.	review_date"
"The quality was great	 soft material	 and no rips or holes. Im 5'4 	130lbs. 34B/34C and i ordered a small	 it was a little big in the bottoms and in the chest area so im glad i didnt order a medium like i was going to. It will serve the purpose. Im not a huge fan of how far the bottom goes up my back maybe its because of my height. But most of my complaints are due to my body type i would say not the product itself. Ill buy from the company again!	review_date"
"My girl looked hella fine in this. I'd post a picture but it's for my eyes only. For you men out there. Get your girl one!	review_date"
"This fit so good! And the color was very nice. Fabric is decent but nothing super fancy. You get what you pay for.	review_date"
"This broke my heart the most.. the small was just too loose and too large :(	review_date"
"Love the key hole look. Bought it in XXL	review_date"
"Very sexy on me. Love the color. More vibrant in person. Fits just right. Not loose at all. Love the cheekiness of it.	review_date"
"This is the only company in Amazon that I will buy from.  Your lingerie is super soft and it fits exactly the way it's supposed to.	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"Buy this right now! You won't regret it! Sexy on any body!!!!! Get it girl!	review_date"
"Honestly	 this looks so good on. I got the purpleish color and it's actually flattering to my pale complexion. I'm 5'2 and 125 lbs and I ordered a small and it fits well. The adjustable straps really help. The only problem is one of the straps ripped the second time i wore it!!	review_date"
"super duper sexy..love this on my HOTWIFE .. :)	review_date"
"Let鈥檚 just say as long as you get the right size	 she will look sooo good. Choose wisely.	review_date"
"Wish it would have been a little more snug. I am 5'8 and 130 pounds and it was a little loose	 but I LOVE the material and it was super soft and cute.	review_date"
"Excellent Designs	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised by this product. It looks great on and is easily adjustable. I have very small boobs and still thought it was flattering.	review_date"
"I had hoped that there would be a little breast support	 but there isn't any.  It looks just like the picture and is sexy on.	review_date"
"Top was a little tight	 the bottoms were big	review_date"
"This is great! You can get the same thing at VS but for way more money.	review_date"
"Very good buy and a great price ! I'm 5'1 150 and ordered an XL and it fit great. Could of ordered down to a large tho. It is very flattering and fits well on bigger chest. I like the adjustable straps as well.	review_date"
"I was a little overwhelmed when I first opened this item. I am 5'6	 180 and have somewhat of a muffin top (not too overwhelming). I ordered an XL and expected it to not fit. Once I tried it on	 my only complaint was that the material that covers my breast was not quit wide enough and I had to keep shifting my breast so my side boobs wouldn't leak over. Sexy outfit though.	review_date"
"Fits amazing and true to color. Very comfortable item.	review_date"
"Perfect. I felt so sexy. Get it girl	review_date"
"Oh she looked good!	review_date"
"115# 5鈥?鈥?and it鈥檚 loose. Flat as a board though so if you have a chest I鈥檓 sure it鈥檚 fit fine. Very sexy.	review_date"
"I am 5'5\ and 150. Hour Glass. I loved this and so did my significant other! I've never seen him so enthusiastic!!  I bought a large.""	review_date"
"Very figure flattering if you're curvy as I am. I am 170 lbs	 5'4\	 38 DD and I ordered an Extra Large. I could have ordered a large however I always try to order a size up unless I've worn the brand. My husband loves this piece on me and I think the quality is very good for the price paid. I will say you have to be careful with the neck closure as it was a tad complicated for me the first time around.""	review_date"
"Im 4'11 fit too long for my size.. the backside made me feel like I had sumo diaper on.. had to roll it down in the back thong area to make it fit other than this item is beautiful .. great for longer bodies \u0026/ or bigger boobs to fill this sexy teddy	review_date"
"Mine came without bow attached but in package so I鈥檓 sending back but if you鈥檙e small cheated this will look odd.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable. I really like the color on it.	review_date"
"The small fits like a medium/large. Overall a very sexy design.	review_date"
"This is super cute and my husband loves it! I鈥檓 short and curvy	 so the top half (neck part) didn鈥檛 fit as well	 and the panty part was slightly large.	review_date"
"XL fits like a glove for a 5'4	 170lb curvy woman.	review_date"
"This is a tough one for curvy ladies with a large chest. I probably could have gone a size up from what my measurements told me to buy just to be safe.	review_date"
"I'm very busty (38DDD) so I was worried the XXL would be too small from the chart but it fit great! The neck part pulls down a little but super minor and to be expected with the weight of my breasts. My man definitely approved!	review_date"
"Very SEXY! Loooove it! I am big chested	 \u0026 fits great!	review_date"
"The product is alright. The fabric is pretty stretchy but it doesn't fit for petite people. I am 5ft and ordered a small and it bunched up under my arm puts because I'm short. The color was cute though I ended up giving it to one my girl friends cause I didnt think was cute enough to flex for my man.	review_date"
"I'm in love with this piece of lingerie! It's one of my favorite pieces now. I'm 5'4 130 lbs and I got a small and it fit absolutely perfectly! Zero complaints	review_date"
"My favorite piece of lingerie so far.  Makes me feel absolutely sexy!	review_date"
"For being on the thick side this fit pretty well than what I was expecting. Great for the price. Just be gentle with it and you will be fine. Comfy!	review_date"
"So cute great price love the color.. saw something exact to this from VS for $60	review_date"
"Very sexy and affordable!	review_date"
"a very flirtatious garment	 however I made the mistake of ordering medium	 but I still like it.	review_date"
"This teddy is very cute. It fit perfectly and is very sexy.	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised at how well this looked/fit when it was so reasonably priced. Ordered my true size and it fit great.	review_date"
"Great fit! Goes up a little in the front but love it	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
I LOVE this bodysuit. I ordered a size up just in case and it fits great
"A beautiful piece of lingerie... enticing and sexy.	review_date"
"Fits great. Broad shoulders	petite 34b cup and medium fits well. Good quality also.	review_date"
"Poorly made. First thing that happened when I tried it on was that the clear plastic clasp detached from the one piece bc the stitching was so poor. The strap for the neck also keeps coming out of the lace which is annoying.	review_date"
"Stunning	review_date"
"Very pleased with this lingerie. I felt sexy wearing this. Definitely won't be disappointed	 from the color	 packaging	 and quality. Fit me just right	 I a bit curvy	 material has a good stretch as well.	review_date"
"Really love this lingerie! Super sexy fits great. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it for my boyfriend.	review_date"
"The quality is sort of decent and what I expected for the price	 but the sizing wasn't right. I'm 5'	 100 lbs	 and a 32C. Even with the straps all the way tightened it was still loose and awkward in places. I was going to resew the straps to make it fit me	 but it's not really worth my time. I got a small.	review_date"
"I love it!!!! 馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous and comfortable!	review_date"
"Great for the price	 I am 5ft 3in and 120lb and the small fit well with the adjustable straps. I did have to alter it because it was a bit too long but overall I am pleased with this product.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Super sexy a must have and the price is perfect. You will not be disappointed.	review_date"
"Cute	 comfortable	 and shapes well to the body. I am curvy and I used people's previous reviews to make sure I got the right size.	review_date"
"Ran smaller than expected but my wife loves it	review_date"
"Fits great. Stretchy enough to get over your hips. Looks good on any body	review_date"
"Very pretty and fits true to size. I am 5'7 147lbs and I got a small.	review_date"
"BEAUTIFUL! Love the fit	 so adventurous and unique	 couldn't be happier	review_date"
"It's ok for being cheap but very flimsy.	review_date"
"A great buy!! Great quality	 packaging and fast shipping.  Was very well received.	review_date"
"I love how this hugs my chest	 super cute! Perfect amount of cleavage.I'm 5'1 - 130lbs	 medium was perfect!	review_date"
"I ordered a M and it was too loose. No support for breasts at all. And I'm not a small person either. Next time I'll order a size down.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?1 and 170 lbs. I got a size L and it fit perfectly. It was a little loose in the chest area but I鈥檓 an A cup so I鈥檓 sure that鈥檚 why. Super pretty!	review_date"
"Good material and very pretty. Mine fit a little too big but that could've been my fault. Really like it.	review_date"
"This lingerie went on my lady's body like it was custom made. She loved it!	review_date"
"When my girlfriend puts this on I turn into a tiger in the jungle and she is my prey that must be hunted until I sink my teeth into her!	review_date"
"Hubby loves it...	review_date"
"One of the plastic clasps popped off the very first time I tried it on. I was so sad as I wanted to take it with me on vacation. I ended up using a safety pin to hold the pieces (the string that comes from the back to beside the waist) in place. It was very cute but	 of course	 the pin stood out to me.	review_date"
"I love it! The delivery was quick and the item is just what I wanted! Thank you!	review_date"
"Came a day early. Im 5'5 190lbs and I ordered a size up in wine red. It was a brighter red than I expected but it fit nicely! I would definitely order this in a another color. If you're a curvier woman this product is perfect for you.	review_date"
"Really pretty!	review_date"
"Fit strange. Cant wear for much other than sexy time.	review_date"
"It fits as expected and I am 5'5\ 	 187lbs	 38D and I got a large. I followed the size chart and it worked.""	review_date"
"Love this sexy outfit 鉂わ笍 Hugs my curves and compliments my body	review_date"
"It was super sexy!	review_date"
"This was an awesome purchase. I am 5'5 and have a thicker body. Fits great and stretches well.	review_date"
"The neck fits sort of weird and hangs lower than expected. But overall	 it got the job done for the price. Bought this in two colors.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 130 pounds and size M is perfect	review_date"
"I'm 5' and about 90 lbs	 I got a small in purple and this was too big	 if it came in an xs that would have worked the best. But the ties in the back made it so I could make it work. Also had to knot the strings on the side to make it fit but that didn't bother me or my boyfriend at all. I liked it a lot	 and he loved it so I would definitely recommend this even for us petite girls. It's definitely guy approved!	review_date"
"This is surprisingly high quality fabric and mostly fits how I expected. That said	 I would not recommend this to busty people	 and I'm a DD. Still cute	 but I'm falling out of it.	review_date"
"Item exactly as described!	review_date"
"Medium fits wonderfully.	review_date"
"Very pretty but not great fitting for girls who have smaller sized breasts	review_date"
"This by far was my favorite piece. It worked so well with the complextion of my significant others skin and followed the curves of her magnificently. A+ to the designers of this piece and I thank you personally as well.	review_date"
"High quality product	review_date"
"Disliked everything	 since I'm already self-conscience of my size to begin with!	review_date"
"this was a little big on me	 but it's very nice.	review_date"
"Fun	 wish it was made from a better material so it would feel softer	 but it's still cute.	review_date"
"attractive. the lady friend loved it.	review_date"
"So cute! I bought this for my honeymoon	 so can't wait to wear it!	review_date"
"This is my favorite lingerie. Could fit many sizes. Very flattering. Holds up well.	review_date"
"For the price I would say that's a good buying! It was a little bit bigger on me 	 I'm petite and ordered size small	 so I would say it runs a little bigger in size. I like it and the fabric is soft.	review_date"
"Love!!! I ordered the Medium and it JUST fit!! I am 5'2\ 130 pounds and 36 DD bra. Looks great and my husband loves it!!!""	review_date"
"Came torn	 I sewed back because I'm not one to do the whole return process thing	review_date"
"(I use my husbands amazon account) - this fit me perfectly and is exactly what I wanted for my husbands birthday!	review_date"
"I liked this. Fit well	review_date"
"I love this piece so damn much. I wish it was a little smaller because I am not very tall.I ordered a small and am 5'4 and 118lbs and it fits beautifully	 only a little give way in the torso...but I just tie it tighter.	review_date"
"Loved it! Fits perfectlyI'm 151 lb5.3 ft36 D	review_date"
"Not for girls 5'8 or taller	review_date"
"The top part is odly shaped and loose ...maybe if you have a really big chest this might work for you..but I wasn鈥檛 gifted in that department! Lol bottom part fits fine ..just not the top	review_date"
"Bought for my wife. She says	 \I'm 5'5\"" 175 pounds and normally wear a large/14. While this is cute	 I'd order a size up. It was short on me and rode up in the front	 and not in an attractive way. Soft stretchy lace material and seems comfortable. Haven't decided if I'm going to exchange.\"" *I'd post a photo but not sure how to make it PG rated*""	review_date"
"Got this to wear under a certain dress with similar neck line. Works great. I wore shorts over it and all was fine.	review_date"
"It was perfect for my wedding night	review_date"
"Low quality...perfect for ripping off in the throes of passion.....maybe I should give it a higher rating?	review_date"
"Really cute!	review_date"
"Couldnt try it on because it fell apart when I took it out of the package.	review_date"
"This lingerie is beautiful! Very delicate and lovely.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"the neck was a little hard to put on but other than that it was nice	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Wore this under a corset	 nice coverage and fit my apple bottom bum perfectly.Order a size up maybe two if your curvy.	review_date"
"Amazing price \u0026 product! No more spending $100s on lingerie.	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"For big boobs.	review_date"
"This item was awesome! The material was very comfortable to the skin. The quality held up under washing. I'm approximately 5'5\ and 160lbs. I bought a medium and it fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"Toooo big	review_date"
"Fit large in some areas as well as somewhat difficult to put in. I picked this so it wouldn鈥檛 be but still was.	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical buying lingerie	 however	 it was perfect!!! I ordered an XL and fit was exactly like the picture. I鈥檓 in love.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for	 but the quality is what I was expecting. My order did come with the crotch seams a bit undone (torn)	 and I ordered the rose color	 but got red instead. Neither of these issues really affected me	 because I only expected maybe one or two uses out of it lol. It does nicely for bondoir or a Valentine treat	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Bought it as a gift.My friend \u0026 her hubby loved it 馃槝	review_date"
"It is true to size and I love the strecthy soft material	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"This is a very sexy Teddy.  I will be buying other colors.	review_date"
"This teddy is so cute! The quality is way better than I expected	 based on the price. It fit relatively well	 but is a bit loose in the bust area. The back piece is a little awkwardly placed	 but that's not the focal point of the outfit. I would definitely buy it again. I felt sexy and the mister greatly appreciated it.	review_date"
"It was super cute. But I ordered a small and it fit my friend who uses XL clothing. Won鈥檛 order again.	review_date"
"This was more for me than her. Absolute eye candy.	review_date"
"So weird and awkward on. Wtf is this thing. Nothing like picture	review_date"
"It came rather quickly	 it was packaged nicely. I haven鈥檛 tried it on yet	 I鈥檓 a little thick so I hope the adjustable straps last. Over all I love the lace. I can鈥檛 wait to slip it on or off馃槀	review_date"
"So sexy and loved the blue color buying another!	review_date"
"馃挒馃挒馃挒	review_date"
"Super cute. Fits just right. Soft material.	review_date"
"Nice looking product but broke right out of package	review_date"
"Very pretty and sexy. Material is soft which I love.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Excellent product	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Sexy. Good quality for the price. The straps on the side are a bit tighter than I expected them to be. Still flattering regardless!	review_date"
"The color is nicer than I expected. I am happy with it!	review_date"
"Fit well	review_date"
"Super sexy and fit perfectly! I ordered a size medium and I weigh 130 lb and am 5'5\ tall.""	review_date"
"Not made for short people. Sort of complicated to put on at first. It is cute and comfy!	review_date"
"This is my favorite lingerie to wear ...I鈥檓 thinking of buying it in all colors !!!	review_date"
"Although it is a little smaller than I expected	 It made it more appealing.  Yvonne	review_date"
"Color is beautiful but it's a tad big	 still pretty. I'm 5'11\	 135 lbs ordered the small.""	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"The straps in the upper back are adjustable and this was perfect for me! It made me feel super sexy. I would definitely recommend it!	review_date"
"Packaging was great \u0026 fit perfectly!	review_date"
"As a plus size woman this fit great very stretchy	review_date"
"lovely	review_date"
"For me this fit exactly as pictured so I wasn't disappointed at all when this arrived. I was so excited to try this one as soon as it arrived. Material is very nice and comfortable. So happy I purchased this piece.	review_date"
"I love this sexy lingerie	 the problem is is a little too large for me. I am 5'4 110lbs 30D. I ordered the smaller size they had (S)I will try to fix it buy sewing it.	review_date"
"Fits a little larger than expected. Overall	 decent material and super cute.	review_date"
"Great fit.  The color was as shown. I'm 5'1 143lbs and the medium fit perfectly.  I couldn't be more excited to wear it.  I thought because I'm smaller at the top than the bottom it wouldn't fit properly	 but I was wrong.	review_date"
"A bit bigger than expected	 but the ties around the neck and waist make it easier to tighten (or loosen if it were the case). Fabric is very soft	 and has a very nice color. Can't beat it for the price.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this very good quality for the price and is very flattering	review_date"
"Very small and thin. Looks and feels cheap.	review_date"
"It was beautiful.	review_date"
"I have small boobs so it doesn鈥檛 look good. Which was expected	 but I tried to give it a go. I鈥檓 6 foot so it just doesn鈥檛 fit right. The neck part doesn鈥檛 move so I couldn鈥檛 adjust it to make it look better..	review_date"
"Super sexy. I love the color and fits well	review_date"
"While the material may not be the best quality	 you get what you pay for	 and it turned out GREAT! I felt very sexy and it looked and fit great.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and a size 12 so i ordered an XL. The fit was great but the neck area was a bit awkward and uncomfortable also the straps are a little confusing at first. It鈥檚 super delicate so be careful when washing.	review_date"
"Got this as a surprise for my boyfriend and he loved it so much that he didn鈥檛 even want it to come off! It鈥檚 flattering and comfortable. I am 5鈥? and 180 pounds and got a large to be safe. Fit just fine. I broke a plastic ring but it was easy to fix with super glue tbh lol my b.	review_date"
"Super tight. Ordered up and it still didn't fit. Just weird sizing somehow.	review_date"
"Well made	 fits well	 love Avidlove products	 top notch	review_date"
"For great	 looks amazingly like the photo and I am much more curvy than the model in the photo.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? my weight is 134 and I got a small . The string on the side of the neck ripped while trying it on 	 I stitched it back on and reinforced the stitching in other areas as well	 it also came up a bit to high on the sides.	review_date"
"Weird shape. Runs large. Pretty color	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"I loved it	 my wife loves.	review_date"
"Worth the price.	review_date"
"Its exactly like the picture. I love it	 made me feel really sexy and my man loved it too.	review_date"
"It looks amazing on!	review_date"
"Beautiful and Sexy! Love the color!	review_date"
"Very pretty	 but ripped the second time I wore it. I might just try to exchange it for another because it's very pretty on.	review_date"
"Definetly a must have! i love everything about it 鈽猴笍	review_date"
"Not easy to get off and on.  Clasp broke the second time I wore it.	review_date"
"Soooooooo sexy and soft! The fit is amazing.	review_date"
"Very nice but mines was a bit too big	review_date"
"Super cute. Great price. Happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"The neck part was weird. It fits	 kinda	 but it is also very loose. The part that goes down the torso is loose.	review_date"
"This is large and ill fitting even when all adjustments were made. Also	 I was afraid the whole thing would fall apart while trying to adjust sizing.Maybe this is intended for a curvier person.	review_date"
"Lace is super thin and ripped when putting it on	review_date"
"Was cute but to small	review_date"
"Super sexy! Almost bought this in every color when I saw how good it looked on me.	review_date"
"This product is cheap	 so expect to get your money鈥檚 worth.	review_date"
"Super comfy and sexy.  I'm a size 16-18 and this fit perfectly and looked great.	review_date"
"Elegant sexy and fit perfectly! 5'2'' 170lbs bought a large! Will definitely buy more in other colors!	review_date"
"Bought this for my wedding night and it was unexpectedly gorgeous. BUT dont machine wash and dry. My husband accidentally did mine and ruined it.	review_date"
"Fit really nice the material is pretty I love itColor is really nice it also arrives on the time expected	review_date"
"Got this for my sister for a bridal shower gift and it looked exactly like the photo! Very cute	review_date"
"OK	review_date"
"husband loved it	review_date"
"I was really impressed by the quality	 highly recommend!	review_date"
"Good lingerie at a reasonable price	review_date"
"If you have a long torso	 this is an absolute no-no. I had to return it. (I'm 5'9)	review_date"
"Super cute for what I paid. I had to get a size larger than what I normally order	 but as I said	 for the cost it was definitely worth it"
"I got this as a present for a friend who had never worn lingerie but wanted to. The purple color is gorgeous.She loved it! She said \it was a big hit\"" with her partner	 too. win/win!""	review_date"
"Adorable.y husband loves it	review_date"
"Nice chemise fabric	 definitely not for the shorter folk though. Will fit and conform to all sorts of body thickness and shapes!	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"Bought this as a surprise for my husband and I loved it! I was worried it wouldn鈥檛 fit right and it fit perfectly! Fabric was soft and not itchy. It was an inexpensive outfit that I loved!	review_date"
"Amazing.	review_date"
"Fits well	review_date"
"To short	review_date"
"Kind of itchy	review_date"
"Hubby love it! I felt sexy. Material is lace and everything is great quality.	review_date"
"Not what we expected	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"For good and she is happy so I鈥檓 happy	review_date"
"Still loved it but I would order a size up.	review_date"
"Fits well and is really really cute. Like really.	review_date"
"As described. Satisfied.	review_date"
"Five stars	review_date"
"I purchased the maroon and it fits great. I purchased a large and I鈥檓 5鈥?	 145 pounds	 a tad big in some spots but overall it鈥檚 nice. My only complaint is that the color is actually a bright red and not maroon at all.	review_date"
"Highly recommended	review_date"
"Inexpensive and worth it! Usually always wear a medium and fit perfect. It's adjustable in the back which was nice. I was concerned because I'm busty 34dd but it fit perfectly. Definitely would recommend	review_date"
"I couldn't keep the center closed	review_date"
"The material is pretty thin but it's perfect for the price I paid.	review_date"
"that blue is really pretty. I will purchase the other colors	review_date"
"I ordered and XL and product came right on time. It's well made for the price. My only issue is the ties are too small	 so I am going to cut them/add different ribbon for the bows in the back.	review_date"
"Love this!!! Great quality	 and super cheap!Size medium	review_date"
"Comfortable and fit well.	review_date"
I am in love with this product! Great quality and it fits perfect I don't have a thing that I would change or complain
"Ordered my usual size (small	 5'7	 125lbs) and it got really well! The adjustable straps in the back helped a lot. It was flattering on me and I could see it being flattering on many body types.	review_date"
"So cute	 Comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"I love the way my body looks in it.	review_date"
"Loved it! Super sexy wish I could post a pic. I've even contemplated wearing it as a top with some high waisted skinny jeans.	review_date"
"It was more complicated than expected and a bit itchy.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"The lingerie is good	 but it fit me weirdly on the front. Otherwise it鈥檚 really see through which is probably something to consider!	review_date"
"Great price for a gift!	review_date"
"Looks great	 just a little big	review_date"
"Nice outfit.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very cute but the top part ripped easily. The hook behind the neck	 the fitting on the chest and stomach is a little funky looking if you don鈥檛 look like the model	review_date"
"Runs small but very cute and flattering. Pretty soft and comfortable too.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"A little long in the torso but still pretty and a great price.	review_date"
"I like it	 I just wish you didn't have to clasp it at the neck.	review_date"
"Pic says it all ! WOW !!!	review_date"
"Brought this for a friend she love it fit great on her!	review_date"
"I thought it fit great! I will say I probably should have ordered a L instead of an XL. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 180lbs. And I thought the XL was a bit big.	review_date"
"This product was much too large. The strap that is supposed to go around your back/hips is way too long and there is no way to adjust it. I鈥檓 typically a size 2-4 and there was no way this fit.	review_date"
"Very pretty and sexy but runs small	 I should have ordered larger	review_date"
"I love this!!! Super cute and sexy. My boyfriend lovessss it馃槈	review_date"
"It came with one of the strap broken...	review_date"
"I hate this. I was looking forward to wearing this.. It's made out of such cheap material the neckline was all bunched up and mine was a little big. The price isn't bad at all so it's worth a shot.	review_date"
"Loooove it	review_date"
"There was an area that was slightly torn in the belly but its not too noticeable. Considering this was my first piece of suit lingerie it was a good place to start and nothing too pricey. Overall	 I am happy and the lace looks good (even with the small tear).I am 5'2\ and around 140 pounds and I bought the medium. It fit well	 a little snug over the hips but once its up and over it cinches to the waist nice n cute. The leg portions coming up over your thigh are high enough to make your legs look longer	 which for all petite ladies who have always wanted a leggier look	 its cool. The inner flaps around the cleavage sit a little strange but overall its a nice product.""	review_date"
"Extremely complicated to put the on. Doesn't look as good on small busted people.	review_date"
"Us size 1x and it fit perfectly!!! Sooooo sexy	review_date"
"I was actually pleasantly surprised with this item. I鈥檓 petite and it fit me really well	review_date"
"I wasn't sure about this but I'm super happy with it. It is good quality and fits amazing	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"Color match was a little off but fit nicely and looks great. I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Very pretty.	review_date"
"So comfortable and made my boobs look great.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy piece of lingerie! I personally loved the fire red color as red is a very hot color. The red of the fabric is exactly as pictured	 very vibrant. The cut of the fabric is so so	 that's why I gave it 4 stars. The part where your breasts go is saggy on me. I'm sure if you have bigger breasts	 it would be perfect. Just be aware that if you don't	 it may be slightly loose on you and not give you the cleavage look that you may be searching for. Other than that	 this piece is great! The lace is very soft. Some lace outfits have rough feeling lace	 this one is soft. Also	 like I said earlier	 the color is very vibrant! It is very thin and see through	 thus making it very sexy. For the price	 I will definitely be purchasing more of these. Very pleased with this purchase.Attached is a picture of the boob area I was referring to.	review_date"
"It would be perfect if i fit a little better otherwise is ok	review_date"
"Small	review_date"
"My husband is totally in love with this lingerie. I ordered  a medium and it fits perfect. I'm about  5	3 wt 150lb. The material stretched 	 the colors doesn't faded and its super cute. I ordered the teal/blue color and I'm telling you it makes my dark chocolate complexion glow!!! 馃槣 I'm ordering another one.	review_date"
"The medium size runs a little big. Wish I had order the small. Even with the adjustable fit too big	review_date"
"LOVE!	review_date"
"My husband loved it!!!! And I felt super sexy in this :)	review_date"
"A lot bigger than expected.	review_date"
"Pretty color. I love the fit	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit. Fits great but a little big in the breast area. I ordered a M	 I'm a 34C.	review_date"
"It is sort of big in the back so that the back \thing\"" part actually goes up and the fabric rests on your lower back. However	 it does look really nice!""	review_date"
"LOVE THE PRODUCT	review_date"
"The material used in this product is super thin and is likely to rip on first use. The sizing is a little weird but still looked good overall.	review_date"
"Its O.K.	review_date"
"Way tooooo big and I ordered a med.	review_date"
"This teddy bodysuit fits so pretty im 176 5.7 i got a size L is perfect ... I know my husband is going to love it	review_date"
"awkward fit	review_date"
"It was a little confusing getting it on and adjusting it	 but once I got it all figured out it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Looks good	 the small is too large for 5' 10\ and 115lbs. Would recommend""	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Stretchy and amazing	review_date"
"A little big	 but is pretty adjustable. SUPER comfy and appears to be made with quality materials. I鈥檒l be buying more colors!	review_date"
"Looks great	 fits perfect.	review_date"
"Really cute I like it a lot	review_date"
"Very pretty but for being a small it's more a medium.	review_date"
"Size up	review_date"
"Great for the price	 liked being able to tie it \u0026 adjust how it wears. only problem was the 鈥渢hong鈥?area aka the crotch was too big making for an awkward fit in the back	 i think if they had an xtra small that would be better. (5鈥? 120 pounds	 slim thic)	review_date"
"Cheap material with a bad smell- sent it back.	review_date"
"Very flattering!	review_date"
"loved this. fit well	 good quality and color.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very sexy	review_date"
"Love it fits perfect	review_date"
Hot! Flimsy but it is lingerie
"Very	 very nice at a good quality and price !!!	review_date"
"Eh it鈥檚 ok . Definitely not for top heavy women .too small . The top fit me like a infinity scarf :(	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"go up one size	review_date"
"It was a perfect fit!	review_date"
"Super sexy!  We both loved it! :)  Fit well.	review_date"
"Very pretty but it was too big ( I am usually a medium). My husband very much enjoyed it.	review_date"
"The product came on time but all broken up.	review_date"
"This is so beautiful!! Fits perfect. Love it!	review_date"
"Bought a red one that seemed to fit a little better. Same size ordered. Otherwise very nice. Soft fabric	review_date"
"So cute and I really like the material. My boyfriend loves it!!	review_date"
"I like the style of the item	 but it was too large.  I am currently exchanging for a smaller size and I am sure that I will be happy with that.  This color is very stunning.	review_date"
"Perfect fitting nice job	review_date"
"It鈥檚 fits perfect.	review_date"
"is not made for full breast	review_date"
"Nice quality for the price. I just wish the band on the hip had a little stretch to make it easier to get off and on.	review_date"
"GREAT BUY GOOD QUALITY FOR PRICE AND IT FITS AMAZING!	review_date"
"Surprisingly pleased.	review_date"
"Too big.  Not accurate description. Not snug	review_date"
"This is gorgeous but I got an xtra large because I normally wear XL bottoms but I should have gotten a large	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"My wife looks beautiful in it	review_date"
"Of course cheap looking and super big.. can't wear it!!	review_date"
"I ordered a Large but I could go down a size or two . It fit good around the butt area . But I have a smaller chest so it was kinda loose by the breast area but not to bad . I mean he didn't know .	review_date"
"Great quality lingerie	review_date"
"Very pretty.	review_date"
"Buy buy buy. The material seemed to me exactly like the high end stores matrail. The lace was beautiful and the color was absolutely seductive and soft at the same time. It fit perfectly!! 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"It looked amazing but broke as soon as I put it on	review_date"
"I love it and so did my husband.	review_date"
"Very nice	 fits as described.	review_date"
"Very sexy and the color was vibrant and just like pictures. I'm a size 8 and ordered an xxl	review_date"
"I love the products has a good quality material delivery  quick	review_date"
"Fits kind weird in the crotch area	review_date"
"I am 5\4' 120 lbs and I ordered a small. It was a bit big on me but my boyfriend still loved it.""	review_date"
"Very pretty. I lost a lot of weight so it doesn鈥檛 fit me anymore lol but it is very pretty.	review_date"
"Great for the price!	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"I would鈥檝e liked it more but it was too big. And my breast were falling out whenever I move.	review_date"
"I wore it it was very orety	review_date"
"Super happy with this order:) the quality is awesome and doesn't sinch in on the waist. I normally size up in lingerie but I got my regular size (m) and it fits like a dream	review_date"
"Everything is nice	review_date"
"Great piece	review_date"
"A little bit small. However is good. I liked it.	review_date"
"Love this peice! Wish the halter neck line didn't tangle as easily though.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"This is so beautiful. This was purchased as a gift and the recipient loved it.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly! I am 5'9	168lbs and I ordered an XL.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly better than i expected	review_date"
"If you are a girl with a big bust and really short it will start sag in some places like the butt your breasts will come out too. You get what you pay for though.	review_date"
"As expected 鉂?	review_date:September 18	 2017""	star"
"Fits perfect and the color is beautiful! Great for the price.	review_date"
"Good purchase	 though the adjustable straps take a little fiddling around with to get the desired fit.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and awesome shipping! Will order always!!!	review_date"
"It was really nice	 but it was a little too big.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 Thank you馃槂	review_date"
"Great fit and soft lace. I am 5'5\ and 140 lbs	 I ordered a medium and it fit great. The only complaint I have is the way it hooks at the neck. It uses a small loop and hook and it can be tricky and everything becomes twisted when putting on.""	review_date"
"Fits and looks good!	review_date"
"Pretty lace. love it	review_date"
"She loved it! Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Fit good! I'm happy my husband loves it and the lace holds --- we like it was a great Father's Day gift lol	review_date"
"I really like the design and the feel	 however	 I got a medium and it was	 surprisingly	 much too big.  I am 5'6\	 160 pounds	 fairly curvy and athletic	 and it was just too big!""	review_date"
"True to size.  Great look.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2	 118 lbs and I went with just about everyone in regards to the size. Ladies	 do me a favor DO NOT order up! l I ordered a small and it's really baggy :(	review_date"
"Super cute..... I'm 135 lb with a 34 D bra size I got a medium and it was to big	 sizing is off get one size smaller	 but delivery was fast product was made from great material felt good on the skin	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"This is very cheaply made. When I received it	 it was torn at the top. I would recommend to anyone not to buy it is not worth it.	review_date"
"Love the color and the style but the size was an issue. I sized up and it still did not fit on my chest so if youve got larger boobs keep that in mind!	review_date"
"Product looks just like picture but had to return because the string for waist was extremely large. Wished I could have kept it because it was so cute!	review_date"
"It fits as I expected and is true to size. It is good quality and looks very sexy	review_date"
"I ordered a red and baby blue lingerie and they鈥檙e the same the red fits perfectly but the baby blue is entirely too big and I鈥檓 very disappointed.	review_date"
"Would buy again! Great item for cheap. Thanks!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"fun and nice fit	review_date"
"I love it awesome	review_date"
"Feels great on me my husband loves it	review_date"
"perhaps I have a long torso	 but it definitely comes up high. still love it though	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. Husband loved it.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! Will definitely buy from this place again!!	review_date"
"SEXY AF	review_date"
"Good quality	 great fit	 very sexy!	review_date"
"Felt real cheap... A small was still to big	review_date"
"My man loved it.	review_date"
"I sized up and ordered a medium as per advice but I think it fits true to size - the slit in the front gapes on me. For reference I'm 5'3 and 125 - maybe just not the piece for you if you're short and small chested!	review_date"
"Fit as expected. Streachy	 style was not as forgiving as others but still looked good.	review_date"
"Love 	 love 	 love	 great detail and well made.	review_date"
"Happy with the fit. Took about 3 weeks to get to me but worth the wait. I will purchase from them again.	review_date"
"It's very cute	 but I got a large. I should have bought a medium.	review_date"
"So sexy and so flattering!!!!!	review_date"
"The part where you can tighten it is broke	 and when you try to put the piece in the whole so it connects around your neck snapped when I tried it on. So disappointed.	review_date"
"super sexy	 my husband loved it on me!	review_date"
"The lace is gorgeous and SOFT. The fit was very flattering to my body type	 more curvy like Ashley Graham. I ordered an XL	 because I'm a jeans size 13	 bust 38D and usually get a L/XL undies at places like VS or F21. I'm very shockingly pleased with the high quality of this garment for the price. Def will be ordering more	review_date"
"Sent back	review_date"
"So flatter!	review_date"
"Good quality for price.. I'm 5'9\/5'10\""	 195-200lbs.. the large was perfect... a medium would also suffice.""	review_date"
"Love it	 it鈥檚 just slightly small	review_date"
"Wonderful piece of work. The boyfriend really enjoyed it.	review_date"
"My Ladyfriend loved it! A mite fragile	very nice!	review_date"
"SO CUTE	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this! It fit very well and looks super sexy. The lace is also very soft. I like that the front panels are adjustable so you can get the coverage you want on the girls.	review_date"
"Gets the job done	 y'all.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Literally went to clasp it around my neck and it broke. Didn't even get to wear it	review_date"
"Really liked this item but the waist band was too small to squeeze up my hips.  Caution for those with big curves regarding sizing.	review_date"
"Great fit! Love it!	review_date"
"Perfect fit!!! Very sexy and comfy... my husband loved it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Size up for sure	 nice quality for the price and absolutely gorgeous. In 5'4 160lbs I ordered an XL just to make sure it wouldnt be too small. Using this for boudior Photoshoot.	review_date"
"It looks just like the picture	 but the torso is short. I felt ok in it not super sexy. I bought a M and I鈥檒l 5 3鈥?160 pounds.	review_date"
"Super pretty	review_date"
"Very good quality and sexy too. The fabric is very soft	review_date"
"Product looks like picture. But runs a little bigger than I expected. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 124lbs and a Med is a bit to big for me length wise	 width fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Runs very large	review_date"
"Lovely little number that really shows off the assets well and doesn't break too many boundaries . Would get another	review_date"
"came with a ripped hole in it.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"I highly recommend you get it for that special someone : )	review_date"
"I always order from them but this time when it arrived the straps was broken....	review_date"
"great purchase.	review_date"
"Love it!  Will definitely order from the same company.	review_date"
"True to color. Fit just as expected.  Real nice and can hide stomach stretch marks if you have any. My husband loves it!  Arrived quick!	review_date"
"Very sexy and cute.	review_date"
"When I took it out of the bag it appeared incomplete. The breast area on one side seemed to not have been sewn on. Seriously? What?	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"pporly mad not like the picture	review_date"
"Love it! I only wish the neck band was a little more elegant	review_date"
"Came in the mail broken :/	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Looks and feels great	review_date"
"Looks great on	review_date"
"I love it! Super cute	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS. I feel super sexy in it.	review_date"
"Fit but not to my liking	 accentuated problem areas.	review_date"
"First true to size  :)	review_date"
"Fit well. A little snug in breast area. Wish they came in sizes	review_date"
"Simple yet sexy.	review_date"
"Sent the wrong size	 but I don't think the item runs true to size. The fit was awful. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"delicious to look at	review_date"
"Fits perfect and I love it !!!	review_date"
"Had to go up a size as suggested by other reviews..for nicely and soft lacey material.	review_date"
"It fits a little big but it鈥檚 very sexy!	review_date"
"Way too small for what should have fit me.	review_date"
"Very cute but runs big and didn鈥檛 fit at all.	review_date"
"Love this very sexy piece!!	review_date"
"Perfect s	review_date"
"would recommend	review_date"
"The material is a little cheap but it鈥檚 still nice	review_date"
"It fits amazing and is pretty comfortable and not too hard to get on.	review_date"
"It fit very well. True to size. The cut out in the front was very flattering	 even for small breasts.	review_date"
"material is so bad	review_date"
"Got a medium and I鈥檓 not super skinny but I鈥檓 also not super thick. It fits a lil snug	 but it鈥檚 not unbearable.	review_date"
"Loved it tje price was very reasonable it was very comfy. And my hubby went crazy.	review_date"
"Perfect!!	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Very cute	review_date"
"This is for tall people	review_date"
"Fits perfect!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a little big for me	review_date"
"Thin material but looks so good on!!	review_date"
"Husband loves it	review_date"
"Super cute!!! Loved the fit	review_date"
"Perfect fit and super happy with the purchase	review_date"
"Item was too large	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"Little to large I鈥檓 a size 14/16. I was afraid to get 1x as to I鈥檓 5鈥? so its just one of those things.	review_date"
"Beautiful and soft!! Great quality and a small fit perfectly	 I am 115lbs	 34c 24 waist	 5'3	review_date"
"馃憣馃徏	review_date"
"The quality is great	 just doesnt fit right on me.	review_date"
"Love 馃枻	review_date"
"A bit long in the crouch	 cute though	review_date"
"Broke before I could even put it on.	review_date"
"Love it !	review_date"
"It is perfect for my body and good material	review_date"
"So sexy and actually softer than I expected based on the price. Would buy again in different colors.	review_date"
"small at the top and big at the bottom	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Nice but way too big. I order size small at 5'3 and it's meant for someone at least 5'7	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Figure friendly and sexy	review_date"
"It fits great but the but part lol either its a little loose or my buts to small for it馃槀	review_date"
"Very cute for the price	review_date"
"Super Sexy and for a great price!	review_date"
"Very sexy. Looks great on.	review_date"
"I received my items and the smell was awful smelt like mildew I was so very upset I washed it and it still smells horrible	review_date"
"Absolutely love it! I will order again!!	review_date"
"Confy... but i wouldn't recommend for a xs girl...	review_date"
"Darker red than I expected but it鈥檚 gorgeous!	review_date"
"Great buy...ordered another color	review_date"
"It was perfect	until I put it on! Than immediately a strap broke! Very disappointing!	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?about 115. Small frame. Ordered a small	 fits great!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"this is actually pretty comfy	 and super easy to put on.	review_date"
"I wore it for only 2 hours and the string that goes around the neck ripped and it ruined the whole outfit	review_date"
"Love it so cute	review_date"
"Fits great	 I got a medium and Iove it. I鈥檓 sure he is going to love it too! 馃槈	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 even want to give it 1 star but a star rating is required	review_date"
"I look so sexy	 I'm 5'5 200lbs curvy	 I got a large and fit like a dream.	review_date"
"I have longer torso so I always have to go a size up on things like this. Glad I did. Good quality for price. Sexy!	review_date"
"Loved it! I could have gone a size up	 but i still loved the way it fit!	review_date"
"This lacie lovely leotard was stunning!!! The sea blue is the perfect color on my skin. It fit just as I imagined too. Snug and revealing in just the right places. I'm big chested	 I'm plus sized	 a sexy	 curvy African American woman. So as you can imagine buying this was a gamble. The lace was comfy and stretchy	 and the lace thong set fire to the look from behind!! My husband liked it a lot! But if he hadn't- I still would have worn it cause I was truly feeling myself!!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Lovebthe fit....	review_date"
"The fabric is thinner than I expected but it's lace so that's kind of a given. I wore it to a party and it was a hit. Thanks!	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"

"Beautiful and good quality too!	review_date"
"Ripped as soon as I tried it on. The material was awful.	review_date"
"sexy outfit	review_date"
"Low quality and very big in chest are	review_date"
"Beautiful and fits great!	review_date"
"cute	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Good quality	 flattering fit	 loses one star because it feels a little too big and the clasp on the back of the neck doesn't stay put	review_date"
"This looks and fits great! I'm shorter - 5'1 and 130 ish lbs. Definitely feel confident in it	review_date"
"Exactly as shown	review_date"
"So cute and sexy! It's just as described...The material is soft fitting my body perfectly.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"He liked it I liked it-- happy customer.  I'm 5 foot 2 inches about 120 pounds 36 C and a small fit well-- even had a little room to spare. Well made and worth the price.	review_date"
"Great lingerie for a much cheaper price than anywhere else I found!	review_date"
"Fit as expected	review_date"
"Very cute	 but a little big for me	review_date"
"Did not look at all like the photo. Very disappointed	review_date"
"Worked out great!	review_date"
"I love the color and design of this lingerie! It is the purple color it shows in the pictures.First impressions from wearing it: It's big. I am 5'7	 about 120lbs and am a size 36B bra. I ordered the Small and it's still to big for me. The bottom half fits me perfectly! The problem is the top half given I have next to nothing up there. The entire thing just looked weird on me since it didn't fit right and started bunching up. If they sold an XS	 I would return this one and get an XS.Once I took it off I started messing around with the adjustable straps. We'll see how it fits next time but I don't think it will fit much better since the straps are for the sides and I need the top to be adjustable too.	review_date"
"Too big	review_date"
"A little loose on top but comfortable	review_date"
"I'm 5'7 160lbs and I went for a size large. A little big but I was able to use the adjustable strings on the middle side. I loved this. Made me feel extra sexy. Will be buying in other colors.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Apparently the only difference in sizing is the length of the elastic straps	 because the lace body is tiny even at a XXL (and I checked the specific measurements). The elastic straps are also way too stretchy and long which adds to the poor fit.	review_date"
"Fits well. Super cute!	review_date"
"I am absolutely IN LOVE! This is my first time ordering lingerie on the internet and I couldn't be happier. I'm 5'1\ and 108 pounds	 and I wear a 32 C and have a 26 inch waist and ordered a small. It gaps a little when I sit down but that can be easily adjusted with the straps. The lace is very soft and the quality is much better than I expected for the price. Very sexy! Highly recommend!""	review_date"
"Nothjng	review_date"
"was much brighter purple than i expected but still very cute.	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"Nice quality and fast delivery	review_date"
"Small	review_date"
"I'm 5'10	 about 185 and I purchased a large. I'm also pretty busty. This fit great! It's super flattering. The back is a touch weird at the top but it's not stopping from purchasing another color as well as other pieces. The lace was also very soft and lays on the body nicely. I highly recommend!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"馃憤馃徑	review_date"
"He will love this!	review_date"
"Fits wonderfully!	review_date"
"Great quality I'm busty and this fit will 5\11 210 very curvy large fit well""	review_date"
"A little baggy in the mid section and makes my boobs look a lil saggy but overall a classy piece and hopefully a moneymaker at the club.	review_date"
"It was cheaply made	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I like it	 so did college daughter too.  Nice design particularly back view.  Fit well	 no complaints.  Nicely exposes hips while keeping rear covered.  Great blue color.	review_date"
"This color is stunning and definitely an eye catcher.  My husband's favorite color is blue and he absolutely loves it.  Made very well and fits as expected.  I ordered a medium and I am 5'6\ 165lbs or so.  It is comfortable and I love the wide band at my hips.""	review_date"
"I really like it but my boobs are a tad too big for it and it's a little too short on me. I ordered a small and I'm 5'8 130 lbs and wear a size 34D in a bra. If I would of ordered a size bigger it would of been way too big on my butt.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3.5\ and about a size 10 and I got the L and it fits nice. It's not tight by any means	 it perfectly rests on your shape and doesn't create little imprints after taking it off. I probably could've gone for a M because I'm a 36C and it was nice at the bust	 just a little loose here. Super cute and comfy! Didn't realize there was a hook and loop at the top in the back til I took it off and thought I broke it. Would definitely recommend.""	review_date"
"normally I am a small	 but decided to order a medium just in case. The only thing it doesn't fit is the bra area. I say order what you normally wear your regular underwear in	 and go a size up if you are bigger than a full B	review_date"
"It fits true to size. The color is as it shows	 which was purple for me. I thought the lace would be scratchy	 but it was comfortable.	review_date"
"This is a very cute teddy	 but it's way too small! I ordered an XXL and from how it fits	 it seems as if the only difference between the sizes is the length of the band that goes around the hips. I do not think they make the front of the teddy wider as the sizes go up because it did not wrap around to my sides at all as it shows in the picture. It only covered about half of the front of my body. The crotch area is also very tiny and did not cover me. I'm also 5'9 and it was not long enough for me.	review_date"
"Really liked the quality and looks of this piece. I am 5'11 170 lbs with a very long torso.  I ordered a large think I might have been better off with a medium. Overall really great piece only reason I am giving it a 4 is the fit.	review_date"
"It's the most awkward thing i put on..true to size..I'm 5'3 and 135 and ordered an XL...fit ok..but like a puzzle to put on..I order alot of lingerei here.. this is a NO for me	review_date"
"If it were any shorter I would have to return it. Then again	 I am 6'3 and it's extremely difficult to find a teddy that fits properly.	review_date"
"The material was cheap with the lace over the breast being really flimsy and not high quality. For a cheap wear a few times it is perfect.... sexy cut and something fun to spice things up.	review_date"
"Bought as a gift for a cousin of mine getting married this spring. The color purple is decidedly more violet than the plum color pictured. I decided to keep it regardless	 as I think the bride-to-be will still look good in it. But	 I was taken aback by the more childish color.	review_date"
"Measured myself and followed the size chart. This thing ended up looking like a piece of floss on me. Horrible fit! Would not trust it if you're plus sized.	review_date"
"I weigh 153	 I'm 5'8' and bought the medium. It was way too big. Saggy in the middle. It fits awful. Seems to be too much trouble trying to send it back. Smh	review_date"
"Good quality	 I really love this supplier but most of the reviews I saw said to go up a size. I won鈥檛 be re purchasing this item because I didn鈥檛 like it that much	 but if it had fit I would鈥檝e kept it. I normally would have bought a medium	 but I bought a large and now I鈥檓 thinking a small would鈥檝e been the ideal size for me. I鈥檓 6ft	 150 lbs and roughly a 4-6 in dresses. This was much too big for me even with the straps fully tightened.	review_date"
"GREAT FOR A PERSON WITH A SMALL TORSO! IF YOU ARE DISPROPORTIONATE OR YOU HAVE A LONG TORSO	 THIS IS NOT FOR YOU. BUT IT IS SUPPER CUTE AND SOFT! WISH IT WAS MY SIZE. I AM 5'5 1/2\ WITH LONGER LEGS AND SHORT TORSO.""	review_date"
"I was so disappointed.  I got it out of the package and the choker piece had snapped in half.  I wasn't even able to wear it.	review_date"
"The sides are not even so it fits super crooked. Very low quality and would not waste your money on this!	review_date"
"The lace is a little stiff (not that stretchy) but it fits great. Can't be beat for a fun	 inexpensive piece of lingerie to play in.	review_date"
"Sizing was perfect	 looks amazing. I'm a 36B cup and have wide hips and got size XL. There's a piece by Victoria's Secret that looks exactly like this so it's a good deal. The material doesn't feel cheap or scratchy.	review_date"
"The top is great	 but the bottoms are a little big. I'm 5'7 and 150 pounds	 I ordered a size up from the reviews and probably could have been ok with a medium. I'm not going to exchange it	 since it's not a deal breaker. The rest of the piece is super soft and the color is exactly what is shown.	review_date"
"The strings on the hips are much longer than I anticipated and look tacky. They should have just used the lace over the strings in that area to make it look better. All the strings make it look cheap	 and in the front the lace is not form fitting at all. I'm 165 5'3 and wear a C and the lace is baggy in the middle of the front of the garment where the slit is. It should have been cut to where that would slit be narrower and the lace would be more form fitting	review_date"
"This product does not fit like it does in the picture. Very strappy which makes me somewhat self conscious as I weigh a little more than I have in the past and don't like straps as they seem to dig in the wrong places. However	 these straps are adjustable so I think I can make it work. OK Quality for the price	review_date"
"Very flattering and soft. Nice quality for  the price. I ordered a size up just in caseit ran small. I am usually a medium (36D	 27 pants) and it fit great. Looked great on the mid section. Overall 	 really sexy!	review_date"
"Beautiful. I got the purple one!	review_date"
"Love this! Definitely order your regular size if not a size smaller than usual. I ordered a size small and I usually wear mediums and size C bra. It's super cute on and the straps make it easy to adjust accordingly since it fit a little loose on my upper body. The item arrived earlier than expected and will undoubtedly be perfect for Valentine's Day!	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 but the hook on the back of the neck wasn't stitched. I bought it for a gift and no time to return it.  I had to squeeze both loops through the hook it came with. Other than that very cute.	review_date"
"would be cute if it fit me. its so long. i am 5ft4in and 100 lbs and it looked like a bag on me.	review_date"
"Perfect fit! I'm 5'8 135lbs. Per the previous suggestions	 recriminations for a size bigger..that's what I did and its fits great!	review_date"
"Poor material. Came with a tear in the lace. Save your money.  I guess you get what you pay for	review_date"
"If you're considering buying this	 just do it. It is so comfortable  and fits perfectly! I'm 5'8 and have a longer torso	 so I was nervous it wouldn't fit but I ordered a size small and it fits amazing! It is a little flimsy	 but it just makes it that much more comfortable! Also pretty hard to get on without it getting a little tangled	 but honestly so comfortable. Very pleased!	review_date"
"I love this!! I am 5'5 and 155 lbs	 the large fit perfect.	review_date"
"Not for busty ladies. It offers very little support	 but a great peice of sexy wear. I am 200lbs and just under 5 foot 2 inches and got an xl.	review_date"
"Shipping was late. I ordered a size M. Overall it looks nice just a little big/ loose in the chest area  (and I'm a busty girl 34 D) I normally wear size small but it was common it ran big so I sized up but turns out I could of stuck with a size small.	review_date"
"I bought it for my friend's bridal shower. It's a cute design but it is very long. This is meant for someone that has a longer torso and/or has enough to fill it at the top. So if you're not busty	 I'm not sure that it will fit properly.	review_date"
"Very cute! A little too big but I guess that doesn't really matter with lingerie. Haha	review_date"
"Expected cheap... but very poor quality	review_date"
"Too cute	review_date"
"Great value	review_date"
"The color is fabulous and it doesn鈥檛 look cheap at all	 however the Small was still too big on me. I am 5鈥? 115lbs and a 32c. It was pretty loose and not the proper fit on my bust or backside.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this companies lingerie. Everything I buy is so pretty and well made.	review_date"
"Love this!  I am very petite at 5'3\ with small b cup breasts and weigh about 115lbs.  This was a teeeeny bit gapey in the breast area.  I will still wear it and find it extremely flattering and beautiful.""	review_date"
"After a hand wash cycle in a langerie bag on cold before even wearing it. The color is amazingly pretty and it actually fit my odd figure somewhat nicely.	review_date"
"super sexy. fit perfectly and the material was super soft and great quality for the price. im a curvy girl and this is possibly the most flattering one piece i owe. i love it so much i ordered every color!!	review_date"
"I had to do a lot of alterations to get this to look right. and i sized up. I still reccomend though	review_date"
"Ridiculously large. I am 5' 2\	 100 lbs	 32B and it's too big in every way. You would need at least a C cup to fill it out and two more inches of height. Total shame.""	review_date"
"The cut is made best for a long torso. It doesnt sit right if you have a shorter torso.	review_date"
"The fit is good	 the color is pretty	 and the material is soft. Great buy especially considering the cost.	review_date"
"I bought a small based on the size chart. It was a bit too big. Also	 the crotch area was ripped and the material was very flimsy.	review_date"
"was smaller than the last nightie i got in 2xl. but it was cute	review_date"
"It was too small in the front of you have big breast. They kept popping out	 the way the neck line is made it impossible for the girls to stay in place. Cheap material too	 but the purple color is beautiful. I would only recommend to buy if you're looking for cheap lingerie that lasts a night.	review_date"
"The lace is pretty but I must admit that the straps make it harder for it to fit snuggly on someone with a smaller boobs and waist. It gives this look of extra material in certain places.	review_date"
"As soon as I had taken it out the package item was ripped. I was so excited for this it looked so cute but I couldn鈥檛 wear it. Will be returning	review_date"
"fit but too loose in front not skin tight	review_date"
"I am 5'3 and 110 pounds and size b bra. Too big.	review_date"
"Shipping took 2 months!! Otherwise fits nicely	review_date"
"Love!	review_date"
"I'm 5 ft big chested and a size 6 ordered a medium and it fits just perfect material is great and it's flattering on a curvy women	review_date"
"I was disappointed when I received this product	 tried it on and was even more disappointed lol. Cheap quality	 not exactly like the picture.	review_date"
"All the way  see through and the part that covers the boobs does not stay on the boobs. It moves towards the venter of the chest since it it not sewn to the neckline.	review_date"
"Sexy Sexy Sexy!!!  Very pretty on!	review_date"
"Not for a plus size girl. If you have hips and a tummy	 pass on this. So cute though.	review_date"
"I'm pretty sure I order a small	 but they sent me a medium which I am disappointed because it fits big	 but is pretty cute I really liked it but dosent fit.	review_date"
"150 lb	 5' 5\ and it fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"Hahahahaha If you have any curves this isn't for you.	review_date"
"fine	review_date"
"Sexy sexy a very cute little number with a very affordable pricetag. I have one from victoria secret thats similiar and i over paid..i love this...it stretchy \u0026 comfortable..i havent had a chance to test it out ...if you know what i mean but i dont thing this one will disappoint. The lace is soft \u0026 stretchy and it fits perfect. No weird chemical smells \u0026 very it looks very sexy when i tried it on :) I would definitely recommend this piece it also runs true to size so order according to the size chart description listed for whatever size best suits you.	review_date"
"It fits in the butt but My torso is too long	 my bust is too small	 and my stomach sticks out too much. I would recommend to anyone with a large bust	review_date"
"The quality the material is very good but it runs a little big very sexy	review_date"
"Perfect for spicing things up.	review_date"
"The chest part didn't fit quite right	 can't really move too much with out falling out. and the line on the waist is super awkward. But the lace was perfect	review_date"
"Going by the size chart this did not fit at all! Even using the adjustable straps did not make it any better. The stitching at the seams was very poorly done as there was extra lace sticking out and bunching. Definitely returning this product.	review_date"
"I received it in 2 days	 only for it to rip when putting it on. Don't get me wrong	 it's beautiful but the top string piece ripped as I was trying to put it on.	review_date"
"Super cute... but I put it on for the first time and the fabric on one side at the top just fell off. Must have been held together with like two threads! Really sad about it	review_date"
"Nice color. Is not true to size.	review_date"
"This product was too big for me	 it stretchers a lot	 so I would go size or two down.	review_date"
"terrible not like shown online very disappointed doesnt allow me to do 0 stars if not i would	review_date"
"I'm a size 16/18 and besides being a little small (just size up) it was super cute!	review_date"
"Item was broken upon arrival. Super cheap plastic on adjustable straps... One was broken upon opening. Unable to even wear this product one time.	review_date"
"It was really cute and sexy but when I bit it on it was big	 my boyfriend didn't really mind cause it was sexy but sizing should be better!	review_date"
"5'5 and 160 pounds. A medium was the perfect size.	review_date"
"My product come loose. I think it's not good quality	review_date"
"Adorable! I'm 5'4 and 110lbs	review_date"
"Unwearable. Neck strap is made of cheap string. Doesn't fit your boobs unless you have A cups.	review_date"
"cool	review_date"
"Need to adjust a bit. But adorable either way.	review_date"
"Good qualities	 but some of them don't fit me well.	review_date"
"Front is super cute and flattering	 unfortunately the rear is comically unflattering.	review_date"
"runs small for a larger girl like me!!	review_date"
"Beautiful color but the small fit way to big	review_date"
"Not at all what I was expecting. Way too small along the torso and did cover much like the picture.	review_date"
"This would be cute but I ordered a size up like everyone in comments said and it didn't fit in the right places. I'm 5'4\	 140 lbs. should have stuck with a small. Will be returning.""	review_date"
"Doesn't fit. Complicated to put on.	review_date"
"Very Pretty	review_date"
"It was way to large the small	review_date"
"Too small and very poor quality! Maybe if you're a twig	 it'll work out better. Looked SOMEWHAT like the picture.	review_date"
"Very cute but poorly made. I tried it on and strap broke off before I could even wear it once :(	review_date"
"I'm too small for a small lol 5'3 109 lbsThe color and style was as expected though.	review_date"
"horrible product and quality is terrible	review_date"
"this was so weird. lmafo....I can't even talk about it bc it just was way to weird...	review_date"
"I liked the item	 it was a very cute suit	 just not on me. It didn't flatter my love handles. The top fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Nice 	 but small size is like a medium size	review_date"
"Opened my package and went to try this on. The strap snapped right in two as I went to put this on. What a let down especially because the color is so nice.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Dont like how this was designed but its still cute	review_date"
"It鈥檚 not very well fitted. The backside is incredibly awkward.	review_date"
"Slightly long on top.	review_date"
"I LITERALLY OPENED THE PIECE AND IT ALL FELL APART IN MY HANDS DO NOT BUY THIS  IT IS THE LOWEST OF LOW QUALITY	review_date"
"Fits Comfortably	review_date"
"Fits incredibly awkward. The bottoms go halfway up my back	 but everywhere else fits fine.	review_date"
"I ordered a Medium which is usually my size but clearly not with this. So if you order it get it in a smaller size 馃檭	review_date"
"Is kind of cheap material	 but as expected I guess.	review_date"
"Bigger than I expected	review_date"
"Too big	review_date"
"No stars neeeded. My product arrived and I was so excited about it. Opens the package and this entire things is damaged. The halter part doesn't have a piece for closure the side unravels and falls in my hand so it's just hanging to the floor. Can't put it on because I don't have nothing to fasten it with. Pure disgusted.	review_date"
"I'm 4'11 didn't fit me	review_date"
"Item wasn't properly sewn	 causing it to be  defective.	review_date"
"The halter top is weird on my body and does not stay in place	review_date"
"Ty	review_date"
"It was too big- i should have bought the small size 馃槥	review_date"
"Nice color	 poorly made	review_date"
"It's sexy but if have big boobs not a must have	review_date"
"Fits me prettt good	review_date"
"It's nice! Just big!	review_date"
"It doesn't stretch at all	review_date"
"This item looks exactly the way it appears in pictures	 BUT it did not fit me. I ordered a small	 and I can tel an x-small	 if availabe wouldve definitely fit better. I am 5'4\	 129lbs	 pretty slender shape	 cup size 32DD and even after adjusting the straps as much as possible	 (which isn't too much) it still hung off of me. I am not looking to return the produvt because it was only $13 ( pretty cheap fpr lingerie) and I'm planning on gaining some weight anyway. Just keep in mind	 it runs a little big and you should be fine! THE PICTURE IS NOT OF ME IN THE PRODUCT!! JUST MY SHAPE FOR COMPARISONS "
"Honestly do not buy.. it's horrible quality and mine came in broken already so I didn't even have a chance to wear it. They do not care how they package either.. 12.99 for pos...	review_date"
"If you're expecting something as cute as the picture	 don't. The purple color is all off and looks like Barney	 and it just doesn't fit well no matter what. It is very unflattering. So disappointed.	review_date"
"this product is cheaply made first time i wore it the crutch burst out stay away dont buy	review_date"
"The opening in the front is longer than I had expected but it fit well otherwise	review_date"
"Way too long in the torso and I'm average height (5'6\)""	review_date"
"Very cute but will have to lose weight so it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Runs small and the hook around the neck was not  sewn in right	 the loop was way to small for the hook	review_date"
"I ordered the blue one in a size L	 it fits perfectly and looks amazing	 just like the picture. The package arrived in like 4 days.	review_date"
"The neck line didn't fit very well and the stitching was off.  Wouldn't recommend.	review_date"
"Not true to size. Way too large. Didn't look nice when on the body.	review_date"
"Absolutely stunning. It beautiful piece of lingerie. It very soft. It's too bad I have to return it. It was too big. But I'm also very petite.	review_date"
"Cheap material - better to spend your money on anything else	review_date"
"Horrible	 I want my money back	review_date"
"Cute but very see through	review_date"
"Way to loose they keep falling and sadly they don't have belt loops. Seem more appropriate as maternity pants. Wouldn't buy again.	review_date"
"Clasp on neck fell off as soon as I took it out of the bag. Fits kinda weird	 but it's cheap and still cute so it's okay.	review_date"
"Form fitting and tight. Very sexy and vibrant color. I picked the medium teal outfit. It is very comfortable and soft. The bottom has elastic so it hugs around your thighs. The fish next holes are not to small. The top area where your chest is has a cover on the inside the rest is see through. It is a made so good and seems durable. I have washed it and hung it out to dry to avoid it being tore apart. it has adjustable straps depending how you want to wear it. The length came down to right above my knees. My husband said he loved it .I am a big fan of Avidlove lingerie. It always fits great	 looks great	 and feels great. Just all around a great product.	review_date"
"This is such a pretty	 classy piece - wow. I think it looks expensive	 and this was a steal. I got a large because I didn't want it to be skin-tight	 but I definitely could have gotten a medium or even a small. For reference	 I'm 5'7	 130 lbs	 34-27-36. The piece is very stretchy too. I would recommend.	review_date"
"I always read reviews before purchasing clothes online since it's so hard to tell what will fit. That being said	 I ordered a size larger than I thought I would need	 since a lot of girls the same size as me recommended to do so.I'm 5\7	 about 170lbs	 36DD	 curvy with wideset hips. This lingerie looked terrible on me! The fabric did not stretch all the way across my body and was not even close to doing so. The adjustability of the chest area is useless	 even when moving it my boobs still fell out. Super disappointed with this product.""	review_date"
"Not my favorite piece from avid love. The neck strap is super annoying : takes forever to tread through the halter piece (like a when the string comes out of sweatpants waistbands )and comes undone easily. More trouble than it鈥檚 worth 	 but it鈥檚 pretty	review_date"
This one looks amazing
"Super Sexy!!  It fits very well and the way it is sewn even someone that isn't shaped perfect can wear it with confidence!  It looks amazing on and is soft too!	review_date"
"Wife's Review: I just love the product	 the color us just as shown	 (dark purple). It fits just as it should	 I am a medium U.S. and it's perfect. The quality is great	 true to color	  just be careful as with anything laced	 to have your fingernails filed and smooth. I love it.	review_date"
"Very cute and flattering. The lace is soft and a bit sctretchy. Ordered an xl mainly to make sure my bust had room	 and the rest seems to fit fine. This brand鈥檚 sizing does seem to be inconsistent	 but once you get it you鈥檙e set. I plan to use this as dancewear. Packaging was ok	 however it blatantly said 鈥渨omen鈥檚 lingerie鈥?on the label so not very discreet.	review_date"
"Upon first finding this	 I was ECSTATIC	 as I had purchased(what I thought was) the purple one from a local lingerie shop	 and had wanted other colours	 but as I had taken off the tag	 I didn't know what the brand was. Avidlove sounded familiar	 so I was psyched to get another.I recieved it today	 and I gotta say	 I'm half pleased	 half disappointed. This is an obvious ripoff of whatever brand I initially bought. If you look carefully at the picture of the purple one by the crotch in the back	 I think they may have used the original for that photo	 as it looks like it has the one downside to my local boutique purchase:butt floss.. but what I recieved has a normal crotch (something I'm actually pretty pleased about)What's strange to me is that I remember not spending much more on the original purple	 but it's SO much higher quality than the mint I recieved today from Avidlove..  In comparison	 the mint has flimsier plastic clasps	 the top piece by the neck isn't sewn in	 so if you have big boobs like me	 you constanly have to readjust	 and the keyhole is smaller than the original.. The fabric is also flimsier.I'm pretty bummed that this turned out to be a knockoff and I didn't actually find the brand I bought	 as the durability on my original purple one is AMAZING	 and I don't expect this to last as long.HOWEVER	 this is because I have the other piece to compare it to	 and so I've been spoiled by that quality. As far as cheap teddy lingerie goes	 this isn't bad for the price. Although the lace is flimsier	 it is comfy and not scratchy in the least. The smaller keyhole allows for less boob spillage than the original	 and although the top not being sewn in place is a HUGE annoyance for me	 it can be fixed by a quick run with the sewing machine.	review_date"
"Didn't even try it on because it was dirty (white flakes in crotch area) and the crotch was torn out. No tag. Just came in a sealed bag. Might just throw it away instead of returning so they don't try to send out a returned item. So disappointed. 馃あ	review_date"
"I ordered an XL because other reviews said to order up but I didn't really need to. Better sad than sorry I guess. But overall it's good!!	review_date"
"Looks good fits good.  Met all expectations	review_date"
"I loved the color. It fit perfectly and I would recommend it to everyone who loves nightgowns.	review_date"
"I definitely love my purchases from this seller. I am 5' 4''	 190 lbs and I got a large	 that fits perfectly. Plus they have a bit of a stretch to them. I absolutely love!!	review_date"
"This is a little large because I was nervous I'd get one too small. It's suuuuuuuuuuuper cute though and the purple color is so flattering. I'm 5\2' and 160lbs and bought a large. I'd definitely recommend a medium for my body. It just gaps a bit if I slouch. When I stretch out	 though	 it hugs everything wonderfully!""	review_date"
"I like it!! I'm 5'6 150 and got a medium and it fit just as expected. It stretches so I probably could've gotten a snugger fit in a small too. The basic soft lace material is right for the price and the fit is lovely.	review_date"
"Loose in my breast area. Everywhere else fit as expected	review_date"
"This piece is beautiful! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and about 180lbs and a 34DD/DDD. I ordered a large and it fits true to size. I didn鈥檛 have any problems with the packaging. It didn鈥檛 have a smell and it was clean when I received it. I would definitely buy this again in more colors.	review_date"
"Quality is great. True to size. I am 5'	 3\ 140 and this fit like a glove. Super sexy	 adjustable absolutely above happy with this purchase.""	review_date"
"I got this for my girlfriend and 1. She LOVES it and 2. She looks amazing in it. It's so flattering and for such a good price!	review_date"
"The fabric is pretty cheap but it is super soft and has a flattering fit. I would recommend it.	review_date"
"True to fit	 very soft not itchy. Would buy again.	review_date"
"Love love love	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"The other reviews on this piece are spot on. I would suggest going up a size for a comfortable fit.	review_date"
"Loved it	 a very sexy piece.Size was perfect	 I'm 5'5 155-lbs \u0026 ordered a medium.Would recommend.	review_date"
"Ran a bit large because i ordered the medium	 fixed with adjustable straps. Good for the price. Fast shipping.	review_date"
"Sexy but I needed to make an alteration on the bust portion to bring the fabric together because it splayed out too easily. I also shortened the neck hole because it was too big	 making my breasts feel very unsupported. So if you're like me and have a large bust	 this will look sexy with some alterations.	review_date"
"Fits as expected!!! Super cute on	 and comfortable!	review_date"
"Elasticity could be tighter in the front to hold boobs more secure.	review_date"
"Do not purchase!!! Straps broke the day I received it. Waste of money.	review_date"
"I liked it	 my husband loved it lol	review_date"
"She's looks amazing	 good quality material. Recommended.	review_date"
"lace quality is horrible. Sooo thin I thought my nails would rip right through it when picking it up to check it out/fold it. I don't have this problem with other lace that I own.	review_date"
"This lengerie is so sexy I love the cleavage and also nice to wear 	it's so comfortable to wear .I wear this when I dating with my love . Can wear this also any short or panty u want .wash this by using my hands dry to under the sun .	review_date"
"This set fits so sexy! My husband said I looked so good in it鈽猴笍. It鈥檚 very comfortable and made me feel confident. The panty covered my mom pooch and accentuated the right places. I recommend you tie the lace in the front of panty to secure when washing. Mine came off and it was time consuming to put back on. Only con was the thigh highs are not included馃檨I am 155lbs and went with a medium.	review_date"
"This is the second item I've purchased from this company	 and I have yet to be disappointed. This item fit as I expected it to	 except for the bra	 but had I gone up another size	 I don't think the undies would've fit me properly. But I think it looks fine regardless. The material doesn't irritate my skin and the color is fairly close to the photo. I think this is more of a matter of skin tone	 as the model is a bit darker than I am. I still think it looks very nice against my skin	 it doesn't grab you by the collar and scream	 \purple!\"" in your face with a pulsing vein in it's forehead. It's quieter. I think this item would be very forgiving for most body types and would hide a tummy quite well. The material is soft and does not rub	 or irritate my skin. The undies lace up in the front and can be adjusted. Both items are see thru.For those of you who are unsure	 or on the fence about this item	 my stats are"
"So I am 140 lbs	 5鈥?鈥? 34 C	 and the M fit good in all areas	 sort of short wide stomach. I just look ridiculous in this hahahaha. BUT I鈥檓 giving it 4 stars cause I could definitely see how people love this. It鈥檚 sooooo cute	 and it鈥檚 so soft. A little bummed it doesn鈥檛 come with the stockings but I didn鈥檛 read what it comes or doesn鈥檛 come with	 so my fault. I personally don鈥檛 like the way it looks on me cause I鈥檓 a little uncomfortable with my body that鈥檚 why I tried being spontaneous for myself and bought lingerie... but it was a no go for me haha. If someone asked me where to get lingerie I鈥檇 definitly would recommend this one.	review_date"
"Great fit	 good quality! My husband went bonkers for this outfit. I love the criss-cross lacing in the front	 and the ease of sliding in and out of this. Im a curvy lady	 5'5\	 160 lbs and curves like 50's pin-up. What I liked most about this product is the texture of it. Soft	 yet stretchy lace material (not too stretchy	 but just enough). The stockings went REALLY well with this outfit	 and the clasps worked great. Definitely a great buy!""	review_date"
"For reference	 I am 5鈥? and about 140 lbs	 and wear about 36D. After  having my son	 I carry most of my weight on my hips and lower stomach in the true 鈥渢ire waist鈥?fashion. I ordered a size M and am please with the way it fits. First	 the bra is not lined so don鈥檛 expect a ton of support or lifting. I added a few sewn stitches to the middle to close the gap or 鈥淰鈥?in between each cup and it gave my chest a little lift. The adjustable straps and lining of the bralette is a stretchy material and does not have clasps in the back (you kind of just pull it over your head like a sports bra). The underwear are as pictured and can be pulled up over love handles	 but then dips just slightly in the middle of your stomach (as pictured).  In my case	 this was extremely flattering to my figure and hid some of my 鈥渢ire waist鈥? having a somewhat slimming affect! In addition	 it covered all of my stretch marks. The underwear rises without giving you a wedgie feeling or look! This unexpected fit gave me a boost in confidence and makes me really excited to wear it for my guy! The last thing I want to note is the garter belts. They are adjustable	 but are still long for me given that I鈥檓 5鈥?. I ordered thigh highs separately but knee highs would鈥檝e worked	 I think. This was a good buy and is a great price!	review_date"
"Love this outfit! It's sexy while still being kind of cute. It has adjustable straps. I am 5'2\ and 123 lbs	 (56kg) and the small fits nicely. The band is a little big on me but I wear a size 30 band size	 so it should fit fine on most people. The quality is better than I expected	 especially with the stitching. So far it seems to be better quality than something from VS or Adore me for less than half the price. It has a slight acrylic smell but I imagine it will be fine after I wash it.""	review_date"
"The color is beautiful and the lace is high quality. The panties have ribbon ties and a garter belt look which is very appealing. The top remomds me of a string bikini so if you want to leave little to the imagination it's perfect.	review_date"
"I ordered this to surprise my boyfriend with on our date night -- he loved it! I'm 5'1\ and about 108 lbs. the small fit nicely but was not as snug as I'd like it to be on the waist	 but	 to be fair	 I have a tiny waist. Would love if there was an option for xsmall sizing! The top fit perfectly and I'm 36B. Over all very sexy outfit. ("
"I鈥檓 a size 10 in American Eagle jeans	 and I鈥檓 5鈥?1鈥? I ordered a medium after looking over all the measurements	 etc. The bottoms ending up fitting really well! I鈥檓 nervous because the laced ribbon is tugging on the areas it鈥檚 been pulled through	 and it may end up ripping	 I鈥檓 not sure right now. However	 the bra was really big. When you鈥檙e buying this set	 I would just commit to the bottoms and have a spare bra to go with it (like I do luckily) because the bra had no support at all because of how large it was around my chest. You鈥檙e basically paying for the bottoms more than the bra	 the bra just isn鈥檛 true to size at all. Overall	 it seems like really good quality for the price	 and the bottoms go really well with the tights I bought separately. I just have to wear a bra I already own with it.	review_date"
"I bought the medium. I am 5'4 and 137. This was super super sexy. I purchased some nude stockings with the purple set.	review_date"
"So I purchased this as my first lingerie piece. I am 5'1	 185 pounds and use a size 14 usa jean. After wise advise of sizing up on lingerie	  I purchased this in a size 2X. The bottom covers my stomach and sits right above my love handle. It looks super flattering. I am a size 38B chest and the bra fit well. The material is comfortable and does not cut circulation for us heavier women.	review_date"
"So glad I order this got it before Valentine's Day. My boyfriend was speechless	 he absolutely loved it. This was my first time wearing lingerie and I felt so confident and sexy in it especially receiving that kind of reaction from my boyfriend. The only reason why I didn't give it a 4 star was because there was like 1 or 2 strands hanging out but nothing that ruined the lace. Overall	 highly recommend.	review_date"
"This set is perfect for what its meant for	 to come off. Its thin and i felt like i was going to rip it	 but my boyfriend LOVED it. I bought it on a whim for when he came home from vacation after a week. I wish it came with the stockings because the ones i bought seperately didnt work with the clips on the underwear portions	 so i just tucked the straps into the stockings and it worked find	review_date"
"Let me tell you if u want lingirie gowns watever avidlove is the way to go because it fits as expected. Where i am a bigger girl im always worried bout ordering online. So i read the reviews so this is why im tellin everyone they fit	review_date"
"This was cute and everything but the little plastic things that hold the straps onto your stockings all broke off except one. I didn't see that complaint in any reviews before I ordered it so mine could have just been a fluke. I ended up just cutting the straps off. It fit perfectly though. I'm 5'3\ and about 140 and got a medium and it hid my fat perfectly lol.""	review_date"
"This nightie is AMAZING! It fits perfect and it is unbelievably soft! The panties that come with it fit great as well. I love it so much that I am going to order the other colors as well. Make the purchase	 you won't be disappointed!	review_date"
"The bra has no support but overall it is a really cute set! Soft material and a decent fit. I'm 5'2 and 135 pounds with wide hips	 and I got a small. Hope this helps!	review_date"
"The only reason I鈥檓 giving it 4/5 stars is because the strings where the front of the underwear ties are EXTREMELY long	 and trying to tighten it looks odd	 especially the way that it bunches. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 145-150 ordered a medium	 the top fits perfectly ( I鈥檓 about a 34 D) but the bottoms are loose on my waist. My only complaint really is that the bottoms aren鈥檛 as tight as I would like them	 but other than that the product is great	 my boyfriend lost it when I walked in wearing this.	review_date"
"My wife wears an XL. I ordered one size larger XXL and it fit her perfectly. Nice material - thin but on flimsy.	review_date"
"I got a 2XL because I am an F cup plus a little curvy..fits me wonderfully (not too tight) and very sexy. Has plenty of stretch. Looking forward to my anniversary night!	review_date"
"I LOVE how the tops fits. I'm always nervous to orders outfits like this because I'm scared it's going to be too big. I'm so happy with it. Also	 I thought the bottoms were way too big in the front and small in the back but then I realized I was just wearing backwards. The color is perfect and the fit is fabulous. I definitely would recommend.	review_date"
"I was really surprised with this set. It fits very well and is made well too. I'm 5'5 135 pounds and a 32 DD I got a size small. The top shows off more clevage but I thought the medium bottoms would be too big so that's why I went with a  small. Overall worth the money.	review_date"
"Everything was fitting great except the part above the butt like the waist area was s little baggy I'd normally be a 2x I prob should have bought an XL and also I was disappointed that there was no snap doesn't in the girl area if u need to use the restroom it has to all come off	review_date"
"The straps I had to set to the tightest	 and were very elasticy but it was great! Bought this as a surprise for my boyfriend's birthday and he loved it. I paired it with thigh high stockings as well	 the clasps are a little tricky but do able. Great for cute and cheap lingerie.	review_date"
"FITS AMAZING AND ITS GREAT FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WITH A CUPS GET A SMALL AND YOU STILL LOOK AMAZING AND SEXY	review_date"
"If you鈥檙e busty	 the top will not fit. The bottoms are cute and flattering with the high waist cut. However the top is almost pointless and has no support. I鈥檇 return the product but want the bottoms so if you can find an option for only the bottoms then do that instead.	review_date"
"Very sexy my man couldn鈥檛 keep his hands off me!	review_date"
"I am a size 10/12. 5'5\ 170 pounds and I got a size large and it fit perfectly! I wore it for a boudior shoot and it was perfect!!!""	review_date"
"The material is soft and comfortable. Arrived within two weeks. I'm shocked a medium fit. I am 5'6 155 pounds. B cup	 31 each stomach and 40 ish inch hips	 so normally a large bottom and a small top. Medium was perfect. If you have a C cup	 I'd recommend a large.	review_date"
"This product is pretty decent for the price and the material is surprisingly soft and stretchy. As soon as I tried it on I noticed the back garter strap was hanging on by a thread	 I had to sew it back on cause it popped shortly after. It does not come with the tights. Also	 the bra does have adjustable straps but if you have larger boobs it鈥檚 gonna be hard to 鈥減erk them up鈥? Everything is see through. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 145 lbs. perfect for me cause I have a mom pouch on my tummy that I鈥檓 insecure about.	review_date"
"Great fit and great price	review_date"
"I love the lace design on this! It is very pretty and the material is nice.	review_date"
"Why are you even reading the reviews? Get the d*** thing youll love it more than the misses.	review_date"
"This lingerie is very nice for the price and actually pretty comfortable. I thought that it would come with the knee-high stockings	 which it unfortunately didn't	 but it was no problem as I was able to purchase some. The bra is more like a camisole in the style	 but it fit well when adjusted at the straps.	review_date"
"This lingerie is so soft and cute!  My husband loves it it arrived way faster than I ever expected!  I will definitely be purchasing from this company again.鉂わ笍	review_date"
"The lace is soft and stretchy and fit me nicely.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it. I鈥檓 105 and 5鈥?. Small fit me great	review_date"
"Love this set! It fit perfectly! The color was even nicer in person and will absolutely be looking to purchase another in a different color. Great quality  product and great value!	review_date"
"Super cute ! Fits so nice i wanna get more colors !	review_date"
"The lace is very soft and pretty. The outfit is sexy and worth every penny.	review_date"
"Super comfy and not itchy. Love it!	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it. Unfortunately	 it fits a little big but I am 4 11 and 114 pounds. I鈥檝e been petite my whole life so finding things that fit perfectly have been a challenge. None the less I can make it work! Super comfortable and the lace detail is amazing. Super cute. Super sexy!	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. It fit very well (the garter straps are a little long if you are short like me) and seems to be good quality. Paired with some white thigh highs with bows on them made this perfect for Valentines Day and my husband LOVED IT!	review_date"
"Very sexyShe loves itWe both taught the  stockings were with it but that鈥檚 OK a quick trip to Victoria secrets fix that	review_date"
"TOPS KINDA MADE LIKE A G STRING IT DONT REALLY HAVE PROPER CUPS AT LEAST MY WIFE DIDNT THINK SO NOR DO IT LOOK TO BE SO ON THE FEMALE IN THE PIC. POOR DESIGN IF YOU ASK ME	review_date"
"Gift for my wife and my wife is a hot sexy Babydoll	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really cute. The lace isn鈥檛 the most comfortable but that鈥檚 to be expected. I thought the price was kind of high. Good product though maybe for 14$ instead	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! It fits great I'm 4'8\ and 112lbs and I ordered a medium since my weight is more in my belly/thigh area. You can tighten the bottoms at the top with the ribbon. Also the straps on the bralet are adjustable	 but one size around the bra line.""	review_date"
"Loved the top. The bottoms were uncomfortable and cheap fabric. Ripped going through the wash once. also bottoms ran way too big.	review_date"
Love it and so does my bf!!fits well looks good
"Bottom fit and hides my mommy/ C section pooch. The loops that hold the string are very thin and seems like it may rip if you tighten it too much. The top was wayyyy too big and not flattering. I am a 36b. So	 basically I paid for the bottoms. I am 4'11 and the garters went way passed my thigh high stockings so I cut them off.	review_date"
"I have bigger hips then I thought but it worked out great!	review_date"
"Very sexy on!	review_date"
"Looks exactly like photo	 looks great i love wearing this	review_date"
"This fit well and is pretty well made	 but looks horrible on me. It鈥檚 not very form fitting on the bottom	 it doesn鈥檛 really form around your shape.	review_date"
"Nice quality for the price	 except one of the stocking clips was sewn on backwards. Other than that it is really soft and flattering.	review_date"
"Like it allot	review_date"
"It鈥檚 nice looking but honestly pretty cheaply made (you get what you pay for) and it was wayyyy too big. I ordered a small and what came was basically a large. Doesn鈥檛 fit well at all. Order 2 sizes smaller than what you are	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute got a lot of compliments	 it made it through the washer	 it鈥檚 not cheap quality	review_date"
"Very sexy!! Love how it fits and look. It really fits you're body.	review_date"
"great for the price point. fabric is soft	 not itch. pretty deep red color with matching g-string.	review_date"
"My fiance loved this	review_date"
"Not intended for ladies with large breasts. Panties fit fine. The bra was extremely uncomfortable. Wouldn鈥檛 buy again	review_date"
"Surprised him with this outfit. A little sexy surprise to fan the flames and keep things interesting.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Cute but the should allow you to choose different sizes for the top \u0026 bottoms. Underwear were perfect bra was huge unfortunately I wouldn鈥檛 recommend if your a curve girl \u0026 are bigger at the bottom then you are up top	review_date"
"I love this! Best lingerie purchase off amazon	review_date"
"So sexy and nice quality!	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but runs big	review_date"
"Very delicate feeling! Soft! The panties I love a lot more since I love high waist anything. I have about a 28 inch waist so it fit me nicely. I could make it tighter if I wanted to. I would buy it for the same price just for the panties lol.	review_date"
"nice material	 ok craftsmanship. not for anyone over a D cup	review_date"
"Sexy and nice	review_date"
"Fits perfect!!	review_date"
"Amazing	review_date"
"Mmmmmmm!	review_date"
"Super soft super comfortable and fits perfectly. Color is also pretty	review_date"
"Fits true to size	 pretty cute	 great value	review_date"
"It was a beautiful set of clothing. I got a size small and the bottom part fit perfectly	 but the top part was too large for my breasts and it kept riding to the top of my back. Would really love if they implemented the x-small	 but still great product.	review_date"
"Looks very good excited	review_date"
"Bottoms were really cute the top did not fit how it was supposed to but it wasn't going to stay on all night anyway so it worked out	review_date"
"Got it for my wife or me she look great in it	review_date"
"I ordered a medium (im 5'2 113lbs) and it fit pretty well except i have a short torso so it looked a lil longer on me. Its soft lace and its supa cute	 the little garter things look a lil cheap but its okay :)	review_date"
"Looks great on ! I like it a lot 馃憣馃徎	review_date"
"As shown. Fits amazing. Feels good and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap	review_date"
"Very in happy with this	review_date"
"The lingerie is amazing!	review_date"
"Fit perfect and looked amazing bf enjoyed it	review_date"
"Although there were some threads in the fabric	 it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"The top is a little big	 but fits well enough and the bottoms look great.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super comfy and fits perfectly don鈥檛 need to get a bigger or smaller size. It looks really good on ! Material is good	review_date"
"Bought this for a sexy Valentine's surprise for my husband	 and let me tell ya i never felt so sexy till i put this on lol amazing!! Brings out my curves.	review_date"
"Fits great and is well made.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Bra is not fitting at all but I love the bottoms. The bra is so flimsy and has no support. I might end up using another bra	review_date"
"Fit was great for a skinny build	 though the straps for the tights were a little too long.  They also broke one connector after one use but for the price it was worth it.	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. She loves. Fits her well	 looks great on her.	review_date"
"OMG	 LOVE LOVE LOVE THE LINGERIE!! Not too small not to big just perfect! Can鈥檛 wait for my hubby birthday I锔?know he will love it too lol	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. I bought a size small.	review_date"
"Love it	 it's very light and breathable.  The fit is spot on	review_date"
"They great to wear my MAN love it he and I have a good time so look great in them	review_date"
"Decent	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL ON. I bought a small and it fits excellent. I am 5鈥? 118 lbs. It makes me feel so good about myself. My boyfriend loves it. Very beautiful set.	review_date"
"No stocking came with but came fast and true to picture	review_date"
"Looks like picture	 perfect.	review_date"
"The bottoms are cute	 Idk if stockings were suppose to go with it but I never got them \u0026 the top is kinda not as strong as you think. It鈥檚 kinda weak	review_date"
"It's cute and looks exactly like the photo description.	review_date"
"Should have gone a size bigger!	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 good quality and on time. Very satisfied :)	review_date"
"It's beautiful	review_date"
"Arrived early and was sized right. Very satisfied with my items.	review_date"
"nice lingerie	review_date"
"nice. satisfied beyond expectations	review_date"
"Exactly like pictured decent material. True to size looks amazing!	review_date"
"The top was too loose around my ribs. I have this problem often. Bottoms fit great	review_date"
"Fit was perfect. Material was soft. Husband loved it!	review_date"
"Bra has no support and the tie up panties make you look huge!! I鈥檓 5鈥? size 6 馃憥馃徑	review_date"
"I thought it came with the tights :/	review_date"
"Fits perfect LOVE	review_date"
"Not very happy	 the leggings did not come with the rest	review_date"
"The material was snug	 true to size	review_date"
"Love this set. I am a 34C	 waist-27. The panties were a bit big but if i pull tighten the string all the way	 then it fits better. I would order again	 one siz smaller. I recommend this.	review_date"
"+ First thing is : this looks good even on a size 14 or 16.+ it actually fits+ it looks exactly like the picture.Just not really belly free	mabye cuz i am short lol.- Do not wash it with other cloth.Just handwash.Color is fading!- It is made in China	that"
"Bra doesn't hold big breasts well and the straps that connect the stockings to the panties don't connect easily. If you have small boobs and patience this would be a good product for you. I bought mine a little bit too big because I wasn't sure if it ran small. If I would buy again	 which I won't	 I would buy a size too small because it is strechy material.	review_date"
"Only a 4 star because the bra feels cheap. There鈥檚 no support	 but I figured that鈥檚 how it would be. The panties are cute! However	 the string feels like a very cheap material. Sort of like balloon ribbon.I鈥檓 5鈥? \u0026 180 lbs. I usually wear a size 14-16 \u0026 size 34B so I ordered an XXL \u0026 it fits perfectly! The bra is a little loose	 but the panties fit just right!I鈥檓 very pleased for the amount I paid.	review_date"
"They're nice but they do not included stockings	 which was a disappointment. They have the straps for them	 but no stockings.	review_date"
"The bottoms are larger than expected and the top fit perfectly.I am a 38DD	review_date"
"Not as expected.	review_date"
"It's okay. Didn't come with stockings	 and the bra is flimsy. The only really nice element is the bottom. Very sexy. Otherwise	 not worth it.	review_date"
"PERFECT!!!	review_date"
"The small was to big 馃槱	review_date"
"Didn't come with stockings. Make sure you get the ones with attachment points	 not the silicone-lined ones.	review_date"
"Material feels very cheap	 the bottom were way too big. And the top had no support.	review_date"
"So sexy and flattering!! The strappy back (which is ALL straps btw) is adjustable in multiple places which is perfect. So far	 I鈥檝e loved all of Avidlove鈥檚 pieces! For reference	 I鈥檓 5鈥?	 112lbs	 32D. Measurements 33-25-36If you liked my review and found it helpful	 let me know by clicking 鈥淵es鈥?and giving me a Helpful Vote 鈽猴笍 If you have any suggestions on how I can provide a more helpful review	 please let me know!*Honest	 unpaid review by an Amazon Prime addict	review_date"
"This lingerie is perfect for when you don't want to leave much to the imagination	 but also keep things playful and fun.  The wine color is very flirty.  It is possible to wear this under clothes to surprise your partner also!  Soft materials keep you comfortable.  I ordered size large and it for me perfectly.  I am 5'6\ 170lbs.""	review_date"
"I purchased a medium in this and it fit pretty well. I could have probably gone with a small because it was a little big. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 145 lbs and wear a 34c. It was long enough for my torso and would probably be long enough for someone a couple inches taller. It鈥檚 really sexy and I really like it!	review_date"
"This thing is brilliant. I own probably 30 some odd pieces of lingerie	 experimenting with my husband to find our favorite styles. Teddies	 nighties	 bra and panty sets	 of ALL the pieces I own	 this is HANDS DOWN my new favorite. It fits brilliantly	 looks STUNNING	 and I feel so beyond sexy in it. I鈥檓 5ft 4in and 140lbs and I鈥檝e got some pooch from being early pregnant and having kids and his jaw still hit the floor. Seriously. BUY IT.	review_date"
"This is fantastic! As someone who has a hard time buying clothes online due to my size- this was a miracle fit!I'm 5'2 but 190lbs [yes	 I'm pudgy and short- I've got a lot going for me with a combo like that]- Chest size it about a 36C and my ass has its own ass. I usually run into issues with fitting in two areas: either everything fits but the boob cuppage area is loose [I could fit an orange in there]	 or	 things don't zip/clasp/close due to my bust or hips.This is soft	 stretchy and FITS EVERYWHERE just like it should! It also has adjustable staps so you can loosen or tighten as needed. I like that it's not a 'one size fits all' and can be adjusted where needed. Need it bigger on bottom but tighter on top- YOU GOT IT! Need it bigger to fit your melons but smaller around the waist? YOU GOT IT- IT'S MAGIC.I never buy lingerie online- but this....this is a real gem. It makes me feel sexy and confident and plays with my curves in a flattering way instead of making me look like a short	 stuffed sausage.10/10 would recommend.[*I bought a XXL to be careful based on my normal sizing and it's a perfect fit]	review_date"
"First of all I'm 5'3	 32d	 140 pounds fit. For the price - material is more than expected. However because I have a small torso this product didn't fit me at all. I ordered a small. So i was going to fix it by tightening the halter area. Can't do that! Because if you stretch this at all	 the plastic loops holding it all together break right off. I'm going to fix it because it's a cute idea and the material is nice	 but if you're shaped anything like I am then don't waste your money.UPDATE : I pulled out the sewing kit. I moved the underboob straps about an inch lower on each side and tightened the halter part by cutting it right down the middle and making a bow. This took away some of the length and wrapped around my bust beautifully. I got really lucky. So if you want a project and feel confident	 go for it. I'm very happy with what it became.	review_date"
"I bought this in a large and it fit well. I'm 160lbs	 5\2. It's a little small in the breast area but it's not like you want it to cover everything thing up anyways.""	review_date"
"I am not a skinny gal	 I'm 5'4\	 160lbs. I was nervous how a skimpy piece would look on my curved figure	 but it looked and fit amazing! It was a little confusing at first figuring out how to put it on	 but once I did I was impressed with the fit. I ordered a large and it was a teensy bit too big but not so much that I would need to exchange it. The velvet straps are a nice touch that I did not see in the pictures. The bow looks a little fragile in stitching and might come off with wear and tear	 but overall I am impressed with this item!""	review_date"
"It was very sexy and flattering on my body! Ordered a medium when I was (and still am sadly) 5'0 and weighed 130	 they have some adjustable straps which I  much appreciated. Just lost 10 pounds and now it's a bit baggy on me but I reaaaaally enjoyed it when it fitted perfectly. Might just order again in size small.	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie I鈥檓 excited to surprise my boo in it 馃槉My only problem is that I wish that the part that goes around your neck was a little adjustable because it鈥檚 loose around my neck so I feel like the whole thing doesn鈥檛 look right like I would love it I could tighten it but maybe I should have gotten a small instead of a medium but I was playing safe because I鈥檓 usually a medium in stuffI鈥檓 five foot	 132 lbs if you鈥檙e like me get a smaller not a medium!  on another note I wish I had bigger boobs 馃槴	review_date"
"I am a 32 A cup	 5'1'' 105lbs and a size small fitted perfectly. The material is nice and good quality. The only concern I have is that it's a teeny bit too long on me. Not much for there to be a noticeable difference	 but closely paid attention you can kind of tell. The only complaint I have is that I ordered a Dark Red but it really was a pink	 which disappointed me	review_date"
"I don't usually do reviews	 but I felt compelled to let fellow amazon lingerie buyers know that this is a good buy. I kept my expectations super low	 because online shopping for clothes is hard enough	 even with regular clothes and not lingerie. But it looks AMAZING. it also has adjustable straps	 so you can adjust it width wise.My only advice would be not to purchase if you are short... I am 5'9\ and 130 lbs	 and I have a long abdomen	 but this piece is even a tiny bit long for me. Not enough to make me not love it	 but it definitely bunches a bit when I sit down. It still looks amazing	 but I think it wouldn't work as well on someone with a shorter torso	 because you can't really adjust it length wise.""	review_date"
"As expected\u003c3 adjustable straps so if anything you can ordered a size smaller. The purple one looks fantastic. My husband loves it!I am 5'7 and weigh 207lbs and it just looks perfect. Hope this will help someone in the long run.	review_date"
"Ordered this for my girlfriend. We both love it! She says it's very comfortable and it fits very well. It's quite stretchy and adjustable	 and has a nice and soft feel to it. Looks absolutely amazing on her!!! She's 5'10\	 ~140 lbs and 34 B	 I got her the medium.""	review_date"
"My boyfriend LOVED this on me. I鈥檝e never warn lingerie like this before because I am a little self conscious about my stomach	 but he couldn鈥檛 keep his eyes off of me. What a confidence boost. I will definitely be buying more lingerie from this seller.	review_date"
"Strappy and sexy! Love it! Received quickly and well packaged. Material is soft and great quality. Thank you!	review_date"
"I'm an entertainer so I get costumes all the time \u0026 this was my 1st time buying offline \u0026 it was a mistake this is very oddly made. The butt string is too long so for it to fit smoothly it goes up your back. Then the lace in the middle of your stomach rolls over itself because there is too much material. I'm a 34 DD	 flat stomach	 \u0026 40 inch butt so I'm as curvy as it gets so this shouldn't have been loose at all.	review_date"
"If you can figure out how to get in this thing you've wasted your time because even once you do it is horrid. At first I thought they only sent a g string from the size of the packaging. It took me 45 minutes and comparing photos to figure out how to get it on and it was way too loose on my stomach and very uncomfortable. The only good thing was how much me and my husband laughed trying to figure this thing out before we cut it off.	review_date"
"This is so sexy. The straps on the sides are adjustable so you don't have to worry about your hips being too big. Plus	 the straps that go around your breasts put enough pressure around them to make them look bigger. Huge fan.	review_date"
"The first time I ordered this	 the shipping got messed up and the seller quickly gave me a refund. I ordered a second time	 this time the product was offered on Prime	 and it arrived quickly and as expected. I'm 120 pounds and ordered the Small and it fits and looks great. The straps are adjustable and can easily be moved to fit larger or smaller. It doesn't feel or look cheap. The quality feels and looks like other lingerie I own from Dillard's or Victoria's Secret. I overall love this product! I also appreciate the seller being easy to contact and work with.	review_date"
"I love it. Bought it to use for my wedding night that's coming up. My torso is short so there was some fabric left over	 but overall still beautiful and sexy. I like how the side straps are all adjustable. I'm 5'3\ bust 33	 waisted 26	 and hips 36	 and the small fit me perfectly.""	review_date"
"I'm 5'6 130 pounds and I ordered the medium because some people were saying the small was tight. I figured with a medium I would have more room for adjustment. It looks just like the picture and the material isn't has cheap as I thought it would be. I did have to sew it a little to fit my figure but it was a quick stick that took less than fine minutes. I wouldn't recommend this product if you don't have a figure close to the model. Definitely worth the price	 I love it.	review_date"
"I love this!! Adorable and sexy! It is really great for those of us moms out there that want to show off! It covers the right areas and makes your bod look great! For taller people order a size up and for shorter order a size down. The straps are adjustable but the length isn鈥檛!	review_date"
"I love how adjustable this is! I鈥檓 a pear shape	 which means thunder thighs and small and perky on top... I can never buy sets because if I get the top to fit the bottoms are too small! This was adjustable and extremely flattering! Very happy with my purchase :)	review_date"
"Love Love Love this! And so does my husband.I am most impressed by the way they made this	 especially because I wear a Plus Size \u0026 it's iffy when you purchase something you can't try on first. This outfit is very 'stretchy'	 has a lot of give. I purchased my regular size and it fit! Would buy from the merchant again. Shipping time was reasonable also.	review_date"
"When purchasing this item I was very skeptical to the sizing and material quality of this item. I am 5'10 and proportions look very different from the model. I wear a 34 B and was drawn to this item because of the adjustable straps running alongside the farmer. To my surprise this piece is FABULOUS. I grabbed a Medium in the deep red and the color is true to color and size. I will greatly purchase from AvidLove again!!	review_date"
"Items came	 and met my expectations. Definitely nice material that wasn鈥檛 itchy or scratchy. I would deem this 鈥渂edroom鈥?lingerie only	 because the items I choose	 didn鈥檛 have much support in the bust	 but the execution is what matters. - slightly tricky to put on	 but just loosen the straps and then tighten them once on.	review_date"
"Slightly shoddy on the craftsmanship - edges of lace were left without hemming	 the middle gaps a bit - but overall it is a nice garment. Granted it didn't stay on long (and it isn't terribly easy to get in/out of. Very soft	 not itchy at all. And has adjustable straps in multiple places to help get that perfect fit. The backside is nothing but string.	review_date"
"Lace is super soft	 whole thing super sexy! I'm 5'5 and 160lbs and the medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"For the price I figured this would be made very cheaply and come in the wrong size but surprisingly this outfit was actually very well made and you can even adjust it to where I could probably be twice the size I was and it would still fit.	review_date"
"I was honestly a little skeptical about how this would fit since I'm only 5'2\ and am a 36J	 but oh my goodness this fits just about perfectly! It's only a liiiittle too long for me but props for a MEDIUM fitting my bust right.The material is really nice and has good stretch to it	 so you don't have to worry too much about the fit. Straps are comfortable and a good length so they aren't too tight or loose	 the bow over the chest is really cuteHonestly just all around a great buy""	review_date"
"Extremely revealing. Stuff is always falling out. I love it though. My wife does too cause I cant take my eyes off of her when she is wearing it.	review_date"
"This item fits beautifully. I was worried it would squeeze and my fat would bulge out	 but it doesn't. It sits nicely on the body and is surprisingly very comfortable. I love it!!!	review_date"
"I am 5'5 155 lbs. I have thick thighs but a small b cup. I wear an 11 in jeans and a medium in shirts. This outfit fit me perfectly. There are adjustable straps so if you have small or large breast you can adjust the straps.	review_date"
I was impressed with the 2 piece set upon opening it. Love the bright red color and it seems to be made well. The set I ordered has the tie back and adjustable straps (not the clasp back)-I ordered a size Medium. I am a 34 DDD and was able to adjust the top to fit perfectly. The bottoms fit nicely and had pretty detailing on the back of them. I will definitely be ordering from this seller again. I was quite happy with my purchase-I think my husband was too 
"I am 125lbs 5鈥?. I always usually order a M when ordering on line to play it safe since my size varies depending on the material. The medium was really big and baggy on the lace so I reordered a small and it fits perfect. I am usually worried about the item not looking like the pic but it fits like the picture exactly and is very stretchy	 doesn鈥檛 grab in any type of way! My torso is short I have longer legs so there some extra lace toward the stomach area but it鈥檚 not so noticeable. And the straps on the side of the waist and bra area are adjustable allowing the piece to sit on your body perfectly!	review_date"
"This is my absolute favorite in my collection. I'm 5'11\	 thin \u0026 busty	 so it's hard to find something that fits perfect like this!! The back straps fall in exactly the right places	 it's so sexy. This is also my significant other's favorite	 I'm going to have to get it in more colors! Love.""	review_date"
"I was skeptical about purchasing this item	 once my love shared a photo with it on I was amazed how she made it lo I so beautiful. I satisfied with this.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 192lbs CURVY. I ordered an 2xl I could have ordered 1xl. It has adjustable straps to give you the perfect fit.. I鈥檓 in love with this.	review_date"
"Way more comfy than you would imagine! LOL! A great little piece of lingerie for the price... very fun!	review_date"
"Looks pretty good on	 but if you are larger chested it won鈥檛 fit like it does in the picture. Also really difficult to put on	review_date"
"This teddy was a hit.  Love it!  Pretty impressed with the quality since it was so low in price.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 135lbs 36C	 I was concerned about the sizes running small but I ordered a medium anyways and it fits perfectly	 the material is very stretchy and my hubby loves it!	review_date"
"very cute and good quality! true to size believe it or not	review_date"
"5\6 200-210lbs (yea my weight flucates). I ordered a L. Fights nicely and outfit breaths. 38C Boobs.""	review_date"
"Really nice fit once you figure how all the straps go.  Use the size chart.  It fit as specified.	review_date"
"This is affordable and very cute. It doesn't fit exactly like the model shown	 the lace lines going down the center pull on different parts of your body depending on your exact shape. But it was super affordable	 and was delivered promptly. Love it!	review_date"
"Awesome and adjustable straps!!!! Great buy	review_date"
"This is the first time I've tried anything like this	 and I really liked it! The adjustable straps make it practically one-size-fits-all	 and they hug my body in all the right places. It's a bit of a learning curve figuring out how it goes on	 but it's worth it.	review_date"
"I'm bigger and this certainly does not look like the model on me - but it looks amazing! Works for many body types.	review_date"
"Looks exactly like the picture and is really cute. At first looking at it it鈥檚 a little confusing on how to put it on but it鈥檚 really simple. The material is nice and not cheap looking or itchy and the color is spot on. Very happy with the product.	review_date"
"Very sexy! It has adjustable straps so you can make it tighter or looser. Fit comfortably and looks great.	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"This fit pretty well. I'm 6'3\ and 125 pounds	 and the size small fit perfectly in the style 2. I didn't have to sew any alterations to make the fit better. It's slightly uncomfortable in the crotch because it pulls up a little	 so women with longer abdomens might not like it	  but it's not a deal breaker for me. It's a soft material and the mesh/lace looks great. Overall	 very sexy and it is definitely worth the price "
"My husband loves me in it. Drove him crazy.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 142 lbs. I was scared that the medium wouldn't fit bit it does perfectly! I love this.	review_date"
"Pretty cute. It doesn't do a very good job at accentuating your curves in the front but it does make your butt look amazing. This is like a dream stripper outfit lol. I feel like if you have big perky boobs it'll look best	 but it doesn't do much for us smaller chested girls.	review_date"
"NOT FOR BUSTY WOMEN!! I bought it thinking it wouldn鈥檛 be a problem but my boobs won鈥檛 even go in. I鈥檓 a 34DDD ( big boobs small waist ) which is why I ordered an XL	 fit loosely around me but my boobs wouldn鈥檛 budge. Overall though it鈥檚 great for small breasted women	 wouldn鈥檛 recommend buying if you鈥檙e over a C cup though.	review_date"
"If you have medium to bigger natural boobs this will not look good on you. Also	 I鈥檓 not a big girl	 but the little straps squish your fat so much you鈥檙e gonna have rolls everywhere.	review_date"
"Though like the others I purchased this one also fit better and looked better than I anticipated on my significant other. A little spice brought into the bedroom with these pieces was just what the Dr ordered to light the fire in our relationship again. My appreciation to avidlove. Will definitely be purchasing more	review_date"
"I loved this! It fit so well	 and it is really comfortable and easy to adjust. Definitely recommend it	 brought me a great night.	review_date"
"You can adjust the straps which is nice	 however don't expect this to shape you	 if you don't have the shape and the chest of the model then don't expect it to perk you up. But it is very nice	review_date"
"The design of this is awesome and it is so cute. It is just made way too small in the bust area for me to wear. I did give it to my bff as her breasts are much smaller than mine and it fit her great. I am just sad I couldn't wear it myself :(	review_date"
"As shown on picture	review_date"
"This is so pretty. I'm always worried when I order lingerie online because I have a small chest (32a) and not much to show off	 but this is very flattering. The lace is pretty and not itchy. I ordered the dark red color but it is more if a dark pink. It fits a little snug around the middle so order the next size up if you are in between sizes as it can easily be adjusted. I'm 120 pounds and ordered the small. Very pleased with this considering it was so cheap.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1\	 165lbs (chubby haha)	 and ordered a large. It fit as expected. I was nervous putting it on because it's just basically strings. No worries because it took less than 30 secs for my man to try and take it off from excitement lol""	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Hot outfit! I got a small and it is made for longer torsos. But you can tie the halter up to tighten it. It鈥檚 also adjustable all over which is great for petite or curvy frames.	review_date"
"I guess cause my boobs ain't as perky as the female in the picture.....the top fit wasn't all that wonderful but its definitely cute....Stayed together during \activities\"" so that's a bonus....Material is comfortable...if I wanted something flossing my ass this would be it!""	review_date"
"Sexy lingerie for my gf	review_date"
"Love it! I look pretty good in it and the straps are easy to adjust.  The bow is adorable.The bottom is very thin but it looks good.If my fella likes it ill probably order them in different colors	review_date"
"Bought this for Valentine's Day	 my bf loved it. Highly recommend :)	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Everything was nice and exactly how it鈥檚 pictured	review_date"
"Nice fit.	review_date"
"This should have been made crotchless.	review_date"
"Omg I got the white one. And let me tell you go  ahead an order this 鉂わ笍 It鈥檚 super hot N sexy fits well. Package 10/10 delivered on time. My man was speechless he loved it. I鈥檒l definitely order more colors	review_date"
"Looks good on her and that is all that matters.	review_date"
"Bf loved it. Fit perfectly	 and was adjustable	review_date"
"It was really cute	 however unless you have larger breasts unlike me then you'll have to get a size smaller	 it fit great except my breasts kept sliding out from under the straps and it made being sexy become being awkard.	review_date"
"Love this. Super cute	review_date"
"Very sexy and just right.I鈥檓 5鈥?	 175lbs and a 36/CI ordered a large and it was perfect!	review_date"
"Super sexy! Took me a little while to figure out the straps but after I got it I was happy! Its prolly not flattering for my ladies with bigger boobs. Because my little B cups barely fit under the lace	 then again the might be the point lol can鈥檛 wait to wear it for my man	 thanks!	review_date"
"Product actually came 2 days before it was supposed to	 and fit me very good. My husband LOVES them on me!	review_date"
"Looks great. Nice material.	review_date"
"So cute! The top part isn't see through at all but the bottom is lace	 just like the picture shows.  Came on time and looks great.	review_date"
"Seems to fit good around my body	 however it bunches up some in the front (thinking my torso isn鈥檛 long enough). Not too noticeable though.	review_date"
"Loved !	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife. It is not meant for short girls. Although it's really sexy and you can adapt it a little bit	 the main lace it's quite long. She's a 5.2'' and it's a little long. With all the adjustable thing looks just ok	 not perfect but ok. So beware for shorter girls	 it may not fit as you would expect.	review_date"
"I am usually a medium and large however I got an XL and it fits well.	review_date"
"True to size and very comfortable	review_date"
"Everything fitted well apart from the neck area. It was somewhat to long it the back. Apart from that as described.	review_date"
"Love this item. Don't like the lace back	 but the rest is super cute	review_date"
"love it.	review_date"
"Fits well	 I cut off the bow because I thought it looked ridiculous personally. Very soft but I wish the chest area was a little bigger I have nipple piercings and they get caught	review_date"
"I just got this in the mail! While it doesn't look exactly as pictured	 it is awesome! My main problem is that it was way too big. I'm 5'1\ and 110 lbs	 with a short torso. Following amother reviewer	 I started a sewing project and the product now fit's without huge amounts of fabric hanging off of me. I can't wait to see how this goes over!""	review_date"
"Made with good quality and lots true to size.Sexy piece of Lingirie	 pleased with purchase	review_date"
"Super cute and fits well. I am 5'6 @ 125lbs.	review_date"
"thought was going to look so sexy but could not get over my hips not enough stretch	review_date"
"almost perfect	review_date"
"Looks great on!Hard to figure how to get into it at first though.	review_date"
"Looks amazing on. My favorite.	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Way too small	review_date"
"Worth the buy	review_date"
"Terrible quality	 one of the straps ripped out as I was putting it on.	review_date"
"I love this! Very sexy!	review_date"
"I do like it	 I should try a small as I have with two other Avidlove products they run large	 at least for me.	review_date"
"Broke trying to put it on	review_date"
"Super sexy on! My boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
"you get what you paid for...except I wish I paid even less.	review_date"
"Obsessed with this one. The straps are adjustable. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 120 pounds	 36C. I got a medium and it worked out great. True to size.	review_date"
"Love it fits great !	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"WOW!  IF YOUR LOOKING FOR SEXY THIS.  IS.  IT.  !!SEXY AND VERY COMFORTABLE I LOVE IT	review_date"
"my only complaint is the tag is in a weird spot and sticks out	 otherwise he loved it on me and it fit really well! the adjustable straps and the velvet make it so comfy	review_date"
"Love this piece	review_date"
"What can I say!  Good material and fits good.	review_date"
"Love it.  Fits well.	review_date"
"Ordered the wine color	 it fits great on the skin!!! I'm 5'8 I ordered a large	 I could have went with a medium due to length. Other than that it fits perfectly	 and feels amazing!	review_date"
"Love this	 I was not sure about size because most people list weight as reference in their reviews and I weight the same as a close friend but she is 3 sizes bigger than me so weight really means nothing to me as a reference. I am women's size 10 / juniors size 11	 5'4	 36B. I bought a black large and it fits to a tee. There is plenty of give for the lace that goes around your neck so if you have a bigger chest or longer top half it will stretch.  I have had 2 C-sections so I was worried about that due to the lower cut because as much as I love my boys I hate my scars	 but I was able to pull up a little more and totally cover it up. No issues as far as material quality	 I was not afraid to pull and tug on it. I cant wait to wear this	 take a chance on this you wont be disappointed.	review_date"
"I bought a M for my honeymoon night and I鈥檓 6 months pregnant and it fit perfectly 鈾ワ笍	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 great for easy access	 made me feel sexy	 sent my man to his knees.	review_date"
"thanks	review_date"
"Well it didn鈥檛 last long on I can tell you that. Very sexy	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Omg so cute and perfect highly recommend	review_date"
"I love this so much! It arrived earlier than expected and it fit amazingly! I couldn't wait to put it on and I'm in love!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 totally adjustable. Love it. I鈥檓 an hourglass figure 5鈥?	 148 lbs	 size 6-8 purchased a L.	review_date"
"Great product!	review_date"
"The only thing is I didn鈥檛 think about how it doesn鈥檛 have push up or atleast a tiny support lol I was just looking at the pic but it is nice .	review_date"
"Its adjustable but no way covers nips not for large breasts that want nip coverage	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so sexy! I love it!	review_date"
"NICE FIT AND PRICE.	review_date"
"This is a very lovely piece	 very sexy and it looks great	 also the material it's very soft	 I will definitely recommend this to any women.	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. Love it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"I thought is was sexy even on a less than perfect body.	review_date"
"Loved how it looks	review_date"
"Its perfectly fit with me and i love it so sexy and comfortable for me so sexy馃榿	review_date"
"I love this. it is adjustable and stretchy to fit all your curves.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Super cute	 it鈥檚 sexy and super comfortable and easy to slip into. I鈥檓 5鈥? 180 pounds got a size M it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"My hubby love it!!	review_date"
"Good fit and look.  Difficult to get into.	review_date"
"Gave this item four instead of five bc it's not true to size . Get one or mayb two sizes up . Other than that it's s great product. Sexy!!	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"The straps are adjustable - kind of like bra straps.	review_date"
"Totally happy! Never wore a slingshot before lol super cute.	review_date"
"Was pleasantly surprised how well this fit and the lace is soft and comfortable. I will definitely be ordering from this seller again! My husband is going to love it!!	review_date"
"Definitely recommend	 comfortable material.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 my boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"Hermoso	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Just a little snug in some areas but still a really sexy piece.	review_date"
"I thought this was fairly complicated to get into. It doesn't make it quite as fun when my husband has to help me get it on.	review_date"
"The first thing is that this runs big. The first time I put it on one of the straps ripped so I didn鈥檛 even get to wear it.	review_date"
"Absolutely adorable! For being a curvy woman	 I definitely feel sexy in this since I could adjust all the straps to my body. Boyfriend approved as well!	review_date"
"good! Got a small fitted great.	review_date"
"5'3	 169 lbs	 curvy in hips and butt (no bbw)	 36 DD	 and this lingerie looks fantasic! Cant wait to wear it for him! Size Large	review_date"
"Love this	 fit beautifully	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\ 150lb with B cup boobs	 and it fit great.  I could see how other reviewers with significantly bigger boobs would find it a tough fit	 though.It was tricky to figure out how to get into without risking ripping it	 but other than that I love it.""	review_date"
"All is well	review_date"
"To small around but too long and not as flattering as it looked in the picture.	review_date"
"beautiful product	review_date"
"This was not what I received.	review_date"
"My man loves it on me	review_date"
"Looks great on my girl	review_date"
"Love it! So does my husband!!	review_date"
"Absolutely love this piece. It fit perfectly to my body size. Also	 all the straps are adjustable for the perfect fit.	review_date"
"Will not work well unless you鈥檙e tall and slightly busty.	review_date"
"I like the design.  It's very playful and boosts confidence.	review_date"
"It is such a hot piece for this Valentines day!! Very sexy	review_date"
"PERFECT	review_date"
"Love love love this!	review_date"
"Just what i was looking for..	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Got this for my wife. She loved it fits just right.	review_date"
"Not what I expected	review_date"
"Fits great and my man loves it.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"There's something very odd about the way that that Lacey part goes over the boob and the elastic above and below the boob. It almost smooches you like you're getting a mammogram.	review_date"
"I was pleasently suprised by this. I'm plus-size and rarely find sexy lingere that both fits and looks good. The straps are all adjustable	 so there is no pinching. Very happy.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 I鈥檓 137 and 5鈥?鈥?and it was great. The ties are a little short but overall it was a good buy	 particularly for the price.	review_date"
"Overall the size was good	 but the decor that comes down from your chest to the pelvis is too loose and so it looks weird (bad in a sense).	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 like this one.  The material is fine but if you are Shapley and larger breast- this may not work for you.	review_date"
"Its a little big and a bit of a chore to get the fit correct but other than that very sexy outfit.	review_date"
"Stretch and fit well. Strap broke right out of the package but I was able to fix it. Cute though! Just wish it was better made. Also a	little tough to put on with all the straps	review_date"
"Cheaply made. And although it is close to fitting length wise it most definitely is not flattering.	review_date"
"Poorly made.  Very complicates	 for such minimal amount of fabric.	review_date"
"Was too small I think the sizing was off	review_date"
"I ordered this lingerie in the rose red color	 which as you can see in my photos is actually a very sexy hot pink color.  I really love this color.  Fit as expected- true to size.  I ordered a medium and I am 5'6\ and 165lbs.  I am a size C breast and it covered what is to be expected in this type of attire.  I was pleasantly surprised to see the diamond accents on the front and back middle connecting pieces.  Definitely adds to the overall look and another feminine aspect to the outfit along with the silky lace.  Very comfortable and well made.""	review_date"
"I purchased this to celebrate with my husband.  At first I was nervous if the fit would work but I want to say it perfect.  The nighty fits my chest perfectly and flows in the right spot.  I love the material this is made out of.  The sparkle on top makes me feel girly. The black bow is placed right in the center which draws your eyes up and accentuates your positive spots. It is a perfect length to hide the tummy and make you feel beautiful.  This nighty is a must have in my opinion.	review_date"
"Super cute	 good material! I used the sizing chart and it fits great. My only complaint is	 I'm very small chested	 A cup	 The straps that cover your boobs lay a little odd	 but not a big deal. Also	 kind of confusing to figure out how to put on	 but very cute once it is on!	review_date"
"This camisole is GORGEOUS! It fits perfectly and is flowy/ stretchy so I don't feel awkward sleeping in it. The flower detaiking on the top portion is beautiful and it seems well made all around. Love this piece!	review_date"
"Fits perfect aside from having shorter torso	 it鈥檚 a bit long but sizing was just right and looks perfect after you figure out how to put it on.	review_date"
"I am 5'10 and 280lbs. I ordered the 3/4x and it fit like a glove. The material is stretchy so it will work for most shapes. The only downside is the matching thong looks like it is a \one size fits all\"" which definitely is not the case and is a common problem with plus size lingerie""	review_date"
"Seldom do I find a lingerie that I find classy yet sexy and this definitely is both.  The lace wasn't super thick but wasn't thin and cheesy either.  I am VERY particular on my lace.  It didn't tangle easily and and looked identical to the stop photo (which is a hit or miss too when ordering online for me).  I felt sexy and beautiful in this.  Definitely would be amazing for an anniversary or your wedding day.  I liked it that much!  For reference my measurements are 34B/26/37 and the small/medium fit me perfect.  Girls if you have big boobs this thing will look even more crazy hot!  Arms were nice and long too...love that .....great purchase!  Husband was pleased.	review_date"
"This pretty little piece made my husbands jaw drop. I sent him pics while he was at work and he wanted to rush home lol I ordered the pink one and sadly never received it. I am 5'10 205lbs 38DD and ordered the 1x/2x....I felt like it was a little short (I'm mostly torso though) so I opted for the pink in 3x/4x which obviously I can't speak on since UPS delivered it who knows where. The lace does stretch a little. All in all	 it's worth the money I paid and I'd re-order in other colors.*UPDATE*The pink 3x/4x was too big on the lower half (waist down) of my body. It may work for someone with larger hip/butt/upper thigh area. Gonna stick with the 1x/2x since my husband won't mind at all if it's too short "
"Fits small! Definitely go up a size. I am normally a 16 and fit a XL/1X well	 but bought this in the 3x/4x and it fits like a glove. It is somewhat stretchy but will not stretch a huge amount. The off shoulder design is cute! It is much shorter then it looks on the model as well	 and tends to roll up as you walk. Cute/worth it if you don't plan on wearing it for long	 or if it's more for novelty wear.	review_date"
"I love this piece! And the quality is great.	review_date"
"Nice material. Super cute. I am 5鈥? \u0026 175lbs I ordered and 1X because the other reviews said they ran small but I definitely could鈥檝e gotten away with a large the shoulders droop a littleTo much for my liking!	review_date"
"This item is absolutely beautiful it is exactly as the seller described. I ordered it in the color burgundy  and I just love it . It also came with a thong with a cotton panty crotch. Shipping was fast it arrived earlier than I expected and that was a plus. It is very well made there was nothing that I had a problem with. In my opinion this would be in addition to anyone's lingerie collection. Also I think that it is for all body types as long as you follow the sizing guide. I highly recommend this seller.	review_date"
"very pretty just too small	review_date"
"I really like this dress	 it is very sexy and comfortable.  My only complaint is that on the second wear I noticed a small hole in the lace on one side along a seem.  I think the hole is going to continue to spread.	review_date"
"I am in love! It fit me perfectly! I am 5鈥?	 250ish pounds and I have a big butt. So the 3/4x fit me a little loose from the shoulders but it fit the rest of my body perfectly! Thank you so so so much! I can鈥檛 wait to see my boyfriends reaction 馃槒	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ with 190 lbs (86 Kg) and this fit perfect!! I've worn it 5 times and it's only barely begun to lose its shape. I'm a 38DD and it kept my boobs upright in a snug way. Definitely will buy again when this one wears out( or rips lol)""	review_date"
"Sexy! This piece is a great addition for someone like me with a limited lingerie collection. It鈥檚 sort of like the must have 鈥渓ittle black dress鈥?of lingerie. I鈥檓 5鈥? and plus size and this was super flattering and sexy. I want this in more colors! My husband doesn鈥檛 mind it as well 馃槅	review_date"
"I am US size 16 - bra size 40Dwith a lot extra around the midsection. Ordered 3xl-4xl in this piece. Could probably have fit into the next size down	 but I'd rather the more roomy fit.Well constructed. Beautiful. Flattering. Looks like it will hold up to many washes and keep its shape. Definitely great quality for the money! Would but again.	review_date"
"The first one i ordered had a hole in it. I requested a new one and a new one was sent the same week. This feels so good and looks amazing will definitely be buying more from the same line.	review_date"
"I usually wear a size 18 and I ordered the 3-4x and it fits well. A tiny bit snug around my belly but loose around shoulder line. My hubby loves when I wear this. Sexy lingerie without all the straps and pieces	review_date"
"Ordered a 3X and it is no where near going to fit me! I tried over the shoulders nope	 I tried over my legs nope! Horrible horrible horrible horrible sizing! Usually I am a 2X and this was the worst! Glad I didn鈥檛 spend much money on it! But I have zero use for this!!!	review_date"
"Omg	 this is the BEST! Ladies	 treat yourself! So sexy and flattering.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure if I should order a 1x/2x or a 3x/4x.  So	 I ordered both.  I'm 5'6\ and 170lbs.  The 1x/2x fits like a glove and holds everything in place.  The 3x/4x is looser and more comfortable to me.  The quality is much better than I expected ... and the packaging was nice too.  This was an inexpensive indulgence.  Well worth the price!""	review_date"
"Usual size 8 m/l. Got M/L in this as all reviews shows true to size. Not in my case. Should have sized to L/XL. Supposed to be tight	 but not can鈥檛 breathe tight.	review_date"
"This item really accentuates my assets and hides my unwanted curves. I love the snug fit. It is beautiful. My only negative comment is that the lace rips easily for as tight as it is. You have to very carefully put it on (and off).	review_date"
"I wear a size 14-16 and ordered the 3X which was too large across the shoulders.  I need the next size down.  I like that it is a wine color	 not too bright red.  Classy and sexy.  It is really beautiful and you should get it.	review_date"
"Pleasant material. Very sexy. I am between M and L	 but my forearms are not skinny enough. I tried size M-L and it did not fit me in forearms. I returned and replaced with 1XL-2XL - perfect fit! I love this wine red color.	review_date"
"Quality is awesome	 feels very soft and easy to move it. I got the 3x-4x	 I鈥檓 a size 20 and this fit perfect. It鈥檚 got a little room to move in and isn鈥檛 skin tight. I鈥檓 absolutely ordering more colors	review_date"
"This is beautiful and your significant other will love it. The fabric is stretchy but doesn't squeeze you. I am 5'6	 215lbs. I went with a 2x because I'm a size 16/18. It fit perfectly. It is see-through but leaves a little to the imagination as well	 and it comes with a gsteing that matches perfectly.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1\ and around 195lbs.  I bought the 1XL/2XL in wine	 and it fit great.  The color is beautiful	 and for the price	 the quality is much better than I expected.  I'll definitely be looking for more pieces by this company.""	review_date"
"Im a 16	 38DD and ordered 2X to be safe. I ordered a size larger but honestly believe it would also fit true to size. XL would have been fine. It was beautiful paired with fishnets. My fiance loved it! I haven't washed it yet but will probably handwash since it's lace.	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. For reference	 I am 5'9\ and weigh 195lbs so I ordered the M/L. The only problem I had was that	 since the material is so thin	 some places ripped a bit (such as the end of the sleeve). Overall though	 it was very pretty and my boyfriend loved it. Would recommend!""	review_date"
"I am a 36 DDD	 5 ft 1' 137lbs ( size 6/8 typically) but I am breastfeeding and very busty.  I ordered  xl/1x and the dress part fits very nice.  The arms are too long	 but that hapoens because i am petite but busty and have to order up.  The bottoms were way too big	 but i expected that.  It is beautiful	 it sits off the shoulder and is really nice.	review_date"
"i got two of these items. i love them both. they are stretchy enough and the colors are very vibrant and beautiful. i believe the lingerie looks great on golden brown to deep dark skin tones. the thongs that come with the item are a perfect match in color and are very comfortable to me.	review_date"
"I'm 6' so this is a bit short on me... but it is  lingerie so that's not a big deal. Underwear is weird. BUT it is super sexy and comfortable so it gets its 5 stars	review_date"
"I now have two of these and I鈥檒l be getting more! I love these dresses. They cover just enough and I still feel super sexy in them.	review_date"
"This is so pretty and it is actually quite comfortable! I love it	 and more importantly my hubby loves it! Lol! I didn't like the thong	 but it's okay because the gown is actually long enough I don't need the thong anyway!	review_date"
"I love it! I think I'm gonna come back and buy a few more. The sizing is pretty accurate to. It has a little \give\"" stretch to it to.""	review_date"
"The material is nice and stretchy. I am planning on wearing a slip under this and wearing it out actually. I was happy with my order!	review_date"
"This was a BIG HIT with my husband.  I hid it for weeks and wore it while on vacation.  It was classy and beautiful.	review_date"
"Durable but not my style. I'm a pear shape and this thing is a bit too big on top for me. I have a smaller chest.	review_date"
"It is a good fit surprisingly	 but as soon as I tried it on I noticed loose threads in the collar hem and the lace is not attached	 two holes between collar lace and rest of garment. Not a huge deal but I do not have the right color thread to repair.	review_date"
"The stretchy ability of this fabric/lace makes it good for a curvy and/or pregnant lady.My wife said it was surprisingly comfortable	 and she likes the long sleeves.She likes it	 and I like it. We both win!!!	review_date"
"Super cute fits great (it鈥檚 hard to find a great fit as a plus size woman). Unfortunately it came with a hole in it.	review_date"
"For the price it's very nice. I saw some of the reviews saying it was too small and was prepared to be disappointed but it fit me nicely. A tiny bit loose around my shoulders and forearms but hardly a dealbreaker. I wear a size 22 in jeans and xl in tops for reference. The g string also fit but was going to replace with a matching set anyways.	review_date"
"If you are tall or slightly lumpy	 this is not the piece for you. I am 5'10	 and it was shorter than my crotch	review_date"
"Loved this for boudoir photos! Only reason I didn鈥檛 give it a 5 star is because the thong underneath must be a one size fits all because it was very small	 but you can鈥檛 really see it. The dress itself fits well and beautiful on!	review_date"
"This is great item. Looks great and feels great. Only iffy part is the underwear included. I have a belly and the underwear basically just looked gross on me. Found a pair of lace undies to go with it with no problem.For reference I鈥檓 5ft 8 and 242 lbs	 usually wear 18/20.	review_date"
"Beautiful item	 but too large \u0026 the sleeves are about 8-10鈥?too long \u0026 really baggy. Odd fitting item!	review_date"
"The fit was great! Little tighter in the arms but overall perfect! I bought it to do a boudoir shoot and it鈥檚 going to work perfect for it!	review_date"
"Fits really niceLooks beautiful on much better than I had hoped	review_date"
"Didn't fit as a dress. But I'll use it with a black under tank top!	review_date"
"Love love love this! It's super sexy on	 I was hesitant at first because I was worried it would look too much like a club dress but it definitely doesn't. It's so flattering and fits perfect. Highly recommend 10/10	review_date"
"My favorite. It makes you feel comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"I am a plus sized woman who doesn鈥檛 feel sexy when naked. However	 I do feel sexy wearing this lingerie!  I am so happy with my purchase! I do suggest that you order 1 size larger. That鈥檚 what I did	 and I鈥檓 happy with how it looks on me.	review_date"
"I would get a size bigger for a tiny bit of room	 but other than that it's a nice lingerie set.	review_date"
"Bought this for a friend's bachelorette party. It's really soft and I want one now.	review_date"
"Fit is very small. Cheaply made.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 the color is as described	 and fits so pictured	review_date"
"I ordered up a size (xxL) and it was still too small and I wear a size 14.	review_date"
"Very pretty color and looks like good quality.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful lace nightie! Great price and great quality! I wear a size 16 to 18 and I bought the xxl and I love the way it looks!!	review_date"
"Love	xl was not as tight but he loved it	review_date"
"sexy my wife loved it	review_date"
"This feels amazing	 looks amazing	 and it鈥檚 gonna knock his socks off! Excellent value and fast shipping. Get a size or two larger than your normally wear... you won鈥檛 be able to tell the difference.	review_date"
"Very cute piece. I wish I had ordered a larger size though. It鈥檚 one size off.	review_date"
"way too small and I ordered a bigger size	review_date"
"I bought 3x. I'm 5'2\ 250 40F	 perfect fit	 even in the arms!""	review_date"
"Love it. It is a tad too big up top. I did order true to size and aside from that it fits perfect.	review_date"
"Product looks very dam good on my girlfriend.	review_date"
"Love it the material is soft and comfortable I bought the wine color and its gorgeous	review_date"
"I ordered the M/L \u0026 I鈥檓 5鈥?4鈥? 160 Ibs. It fits perfect! My boyfriend loves it	 it鈥檚 his favorite.	review_date"
"Perfect and love it.	review_date"
"It was comfy	review_date"
"Still got the job done	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"I love the way it feels!	review_date"
"I was very pleased with this product. Sizing was as expected and it is made very well. I purchased this product from this company because I was satisfied with a previous purchase.	review_date"
"Really cute and surprised at the quality given the price.	review_date"
"I love it	 fits great cute af	 the packaging was nice very nice fabric I over all love it	review_date"
"Loved this product! I ordered it a size up which left some room in the sleeves but otherwise it fit great!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and very stretchy. The material feels very comfortable. Highly recommended.	review_date"
"product exactly what picture shows. fast shipping	review_date"
"It serves its purpose but still a little bit too small.	review_date"
"I bought it for my sister	 I'm happy because she  loves it very much	 It fits well. Very soft and comfortable to actually sleep in.	review_date"
"Sooo freakin鈥?sexy! I want one in every color!!! It also came in a cute little zipper pouch and a thank you card	 such a nice touch!	review_date"
"It's very delicate and runs a bit small	review_date"
"Opened it up and BOOM	 a hole at the seam.	review_date"
"True to size and color is as depicted.  Happy with purchase.	review_date"
"I wear it as a night gown and I love it	review_date"
"Own it ... perfect accessorie for my confidence	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous piece. I normally wear a size 16 in pants (or 19 in juniors) and a 1x-2x fit me just right. The fabric has a little give to it. The color is vibrant! It is a little short but I'm sure he wont mind馃槉	review_date"
"I'm Pleased!! Will order more...I would love to get some WHOLESALE PRICING	 if possible...thx!	review_date"
"looks great with denim mini skirt	review_date"
"Perfect for those intimate evenings with your partner vs a flannel pair of pj's!	review_date"
"Exactly as I thought it would be. Super sexy	review_date"
"Omg I'm in love馃槏 final found a company that actually fits us plus size women.. He is going to love it.. And I absolutely love the material and color.. I got the pink one馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"This is the perfect Valentines out	 the material is perfect. It fits great. I鈥檓 in love	review_date"
"I love this really sexy and I like the way it feels in the skin really soft	review_date"
"I love the lace and the fit is awesome.	review_date"
"This little number came with matching thong.  Great Valentine's surprise for hubby.  He enjoyed thoroughly 馃槣	review_date"
"Really cute and stretchy! Fit a little snug but not too much. Still felt sexy in it!	review_date"
"I like it but it is smaller than I expected.	review_date"
"Good quality	 nice price and good delivery time.	review_date"
"Very well made!!! Soft	 comfortable	 great product! Sizing is accurate.	review_date"
"Nice ..馃槈	review_date"
"I love IT! The fit is perfect and it's very comfortable. I'm sure it going to have at least a few more of these since they come in all kinds of colors!	review_date"
"Loved it fit perfect	review_date"
"I ordered the XL and it fit so well	 nice and snug and sexy but comfortable. My husband will love it.	review_date"
"I disliked the fact that the sleeves are too small But body wise it fits ok	review_date"
"The color was perfect and it fit great in all the right places.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and flattering to the areas I鈥檇 prefer to hide. I LOVE THIS. Can鈥檛 wait to wear for my husband!!  I鈥檓 5鈥? 235lbs and XXL fits beautifully!	review_date"
"fit well	 decent material washed and dried well	review_date"
"Wow! I feel sexy and this hugs in all the right places. I鈥檓 180 lbs and 5鈥?. I got this for my honeymoon and can鈥檛 wait to use it! Will order from this company again!	review_date"
"Loved it. Will order a size up next time	review_date"
"Very good quality love the color.	review_date"
"Came just like the pic and fit me perfectly! Not itchy at all and my man loves it on me hehe	review_date"
"Looked as pictured. Very sexy and classy!	review_date"
No complaints here. Looks stunning and I can't wait to show my husband. 
"Really like the feel and it looks great. The panties that came with were lopsided though	review_date"
"Wonderful product	review_date"
"Beautiful and actually comfortable	review_date"
"Loves!!!! Fit perfect!!!	review_date"
"Cute	 sexy. Cheap	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Very cute and fits like a glove!	review_date"
"Chose size according to reviews - fits great!	review_date"
"Lol	 i wish I could of recorded me trying it on. Way too small. I am a 12/14.	review_date"
"Loved this not cheap rough lace....I鈥檓 5鈥? weigh 220 curvy bought 3/4x fits a lil loose will be returning to get 1/2x	review_date"
"Got the sexy lingerie with the robe yesterday. it's also in good quality. I like the off-shoulder design. The designer must know how to show the beauty of a women very well. I like it!	review_date"
"I'm size 18 and I got a large and it fit just the way i wanted it to i think if i got the 1x it would of been to big its skin tight	review_date"
"Very nice feel for the price. I am extremely happy customer. I am wanting to order another color.	review_date"
"Love this!!! I鈥檓 a plus size girl and this looks great on me	review_date"
"Material	review_date"
"So sexy! I love it. Can鈥檛 wait for my hubby to see it 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Great fit. Fun time!	review_date"
"Very sexy! Very comfortable! Flattering	review_date"
"Like how it fits overall wish it was a little bigger but enough room to pull off a good look	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Nice lingerie but I ordered to large so top keeps falling off.	review_date"
"fit perfect	 she looked great in it...	review_date"
"It looked amazing!!!!	review_date"
"Great arrived on time looks same as pic great buy for price	review_date"
"Great quality for the priceI ordered up a size	review_date"
"My fave piece of lingerie!	review_date"
"Babygirl looks bomb inthis!	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"Very Beautiful... The lace is soft to the touch!	review_date"
"The way it looks on my lady	review_date"
"My husband loved it. It fit perfect I bought a 3x/4x and I鈥檓 250lbs and it鈥檚 beautiful	review_date"
"Looks really nice	review_date"
"Hermoxo y muy buena tela	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super sexy omgggggg!!!! I love it!!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I love the fit	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Awesome perfect fit	review_date"
"Fit great	review_date"
"I liked the price n the fit of it but not the quality	 it already ripped on the bottom.	review_date"
"I bought two of these very sexy slutty	review_date"
"Didn't fit but cute	review_date"
"It ran a bit big	  but I ordered bigger.  Otherwise I LOVE IT!	review_date"
"I looked and felt amazing	review_date"
"I like this product	 however it came with a HOLE in it.	review_date"
"Very small.  Definitely not true to size	review_date"
Absolutely loved it
"Seems to run several sizes too small	review_date"
"It fit great hugs in all the right places!!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 very comfortable	 soft to the touch.	review_date"
"Love it.  So perfect.	review_date"
"Will buy again thanks	review_date"
"great fit	review_date"
"very pretty銆侷 love it銆?	review_date:October 19	 2018""	star"
"It was a perfect gift!	review_date"
"All around aweosme!!!	review_date"
"Comfortable \u0026fits perfectly	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Fits nice	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"I like	review_date"
"I usually take 14/16	 but ordered the 3x/4x so it wouldn't be so clingy.  Yes	 I could have gone down a size	 but I really like the looser fit and I think the arms fit better with the larger size.  Just a pretty piece of lingerie to don when you want to wear something in the privacy of your bedroom that you wouldn't be caught dead wearing outside. :-)  Nice to have on hand for the fun times.  Like others reviewers noted	 the g-string is useless.	review_date"
"聽S煤per sexy	 took me a while to figure it out the g string	 but overall it was better than expected	review_date"
"I am an athletically built female who is 5	7 and about 180lbs.  I have booty and thighs and c cups and this thing fits like a dream鈾 found it very comfortable and sexy and accentuated my assets nicely without them falling out.  And the straps are adjustable for more support which was fabulous!  Highly recommend!	review_date"
"After so many unsuccessful attempts to find a negligee that's split down the front center but doesn't expose my belly	 I  was THRILLED to find this gorgeous little number that both stays closed	 and beautifully drapes my body in soft	 almost foamy mesh and lace!Being a size 18/20W	 and wearing a 40DDD/F	 it's not so easy for me to find lingerie pieces that let me feel both sexy and covered up enough for a special night in without reducing the sex appeal. This garment checks all the boxes for me	 and then some. The color offerings are wonderful	 so larger women aren't stuck wearing just the typical basic black. The XXL green that I bought looks more like a greenish turquoise	 but it's a lovely shade	 and while this largest size still doesn't lay  completely flat below my bust line	 the fabric draping does a lovely job of concealing what I don't want on display while giving a delicate and sexy hint of what's offered up beneath.After having tried out a good 25 different negligees over the last two or so weeks	 this is one that I'm keeping	 and that I can't wait to show off to my lover.Oh	 and	 by the way	 I don't even bother with the accommodating panties with these. I found long ago that they're nothing but throwaways that just get in the way and aren't worth the fabric they're made of anyway. It's the gown itself that I really want!	review_date"
"I am half the size I was a year ago. I can acutally order clothes online	 and not worry about it fitting as well as go into a store and get something off a rack. With weight loss comes a new pride and self-confidence and a new lingerie fetish. I haven't been able to wear lingerie for 20 years. I was so self-conscience and hated to see myself so exposed. I am now trying different types and really enhancing my sex life. This one is a little itchy at first. I washed it first which solved the problem. It is well and looks totally cute. My husband of course didn't let it stay on long.	review_date"
"This lovely woman's sexy floral lace nightie by klier is very comfortable to wear and makes me feel good about myself. I really like the material it is made of and the color is not too bright.	review_date"
"I absolutely love it. It鈥檚 cute	 sexy	 and comfy for bed. If you are poking for something sexy but want to hide your stomach this is perfect. I got an XL but I鈥檓 a 36 DD And have a long torso. Could have probably fit a large but it鈥檚 so flowy it doesn鈥檛 matter	review_date"
"UPDATE:You鈥檙e going to want to buy this!  I had never worn lingerie before and I was way out of my comfort zone	 but this is so comfy that it felt natural. My man LOVED it! I鈥檒l definitely be buying another set馃槈ORIGINAL REVIEW:I tried this on	 and I loved it! It is so super soft	 and I can鈥檛 wait to show my man! I was skeptical because lingere is way out of my comfort zone. I am 5 foot 6 inches and I weigh about 116 pounds and a small fit nicely. I got this to spice up the holiday馃槈 Seems to be good quality	 very soft	 straps adjust.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful set. Very high quality and fits true to size	review_date"
"Looks super sexy on. I havent worn lingerie in years because I could I could never find any that flattered my body after kids. This is BEYOND flattering. Highly recommend!! Very nice material	 I probably couldve sized down one. I'm 145 lbs	 5 1 with big hips and boobs and got a large	 but I think a medium would have fit slightly better.	review_date"
"I'm 5ft2 at 150# with a 34D bra size and I got a medium which fit perfectly and looked really great.	review_date"
"It fits well and looks cute! It's a really pretty shade of blue and the fabric is nicer than I expected. I was worried the lace would be scratchy	 but it's not and the skirty part feels really nice. The straps are very adjustable to create a more flattering fit.	review_date"
"There was a thread hanging when it arrived so I pulled it. Guess what happened!?! Half of it separated! I鈥檓 pretty good with a needle and thread so I hand stitched it all the way around. I then washed it to see how my handiwork was. It looks perfect and my fianc茅 left me exhausted the night I debuted it!馃グ Overall I 鈥榙 say I got MORE than my money worth so I gave it 猸愶笍猸愶笍猸愶笍猸愶笍猸愶笍!	review_date"
"The lace is extremely soft and I actually feel attractive in the style. I'd wait for feedback from my husband	 but I'm pretty sure he'll like it. "
"Perfect fit	 absolutely love it. It鈥檚 soft	 and extremely comfortable! I was a little nervous on how it鈥檇 fit my large chest but they look and fit amazing!!! :) :)	review_date"
"Another win from Klier! Another super soft	 well made and extremely comfortable item. I love it. You may want to size up if you are super busty	 but other than that	 I'd say it's true to size. VERY flattering. Even better than pictures show!	review_date"
"Oh my goodness!!! I am SO IN LOVE with this piece! The lace is stretchy and SO soft! It fits perfectly and the blue color is stunning on every level!! I reccomend this to EVERY women! Want to feel sexy? Stock up on these 鉂?	review_date:July 18	 2018""	star"
"For a nice cheap little lingerie piece	 it鈥檚 quite nice. Good feeling with the material used. However	 after putting it on	 I usually am a true L-XL and found the XL a bit big around the bust area. Still	 it鈥檚 cute and I will wear it!	review_date"
"Omg I bought almost every color from this designer. I can't believe how cute and sexy it is. The cost does it no justice	 if i saw it in a store I would've paid triple. I will never buy lingerie from anyone else... washes well in cold water and I hang it up to dry. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
Height: 5鈥?鈥漌eight: 115 lbsBust: 32AThis fit sooo nice!! The first thing I noticed when I took it out was how soft it was. Great material. I was a little intimidated by how big the model鈥檚 bust was and was praying it would still look good on my small chest
"This is gorgeous! It's been hard to find lingerie that I actually feel and look good in	 but this is perfect! It did have a small rip in the mesh when it came in	 but it's hardly noticeable. The lace is comfortable and doesn't irritate my sensitive skin as well!	review_date"
"In the picture	 it looks like it gives great support. But it most definitely does not. I loved the style and everything about it	 I just wish it had more support. For woman with breast implants	 it would be great. Not for an all natural 38DD. I am returning this.	review_date"
"When I tried it I was worried that it wasn鈥檛 gonna fit me but actually it fit me just if I would鈥檝e tried it before if you鈥檙e medium please order medium they really fit as expected. I also loved how soft is the material and the colors looks just as nice as showed in pictures	 it鈥檚 a worth it product.	review_date"
"Love this! 5鈥? 126 pounds I purchased a medium and the fit is great. Definitely worth the buy. Good quality and very sexy.	review_date"
"Product arrived quickly and is just as described. Super comfy and sexy. Doesn't offer a ton of support but you can adjust the straps which is great (especially for us busty gals). G-String wasn't all that great but that was expected. I am 5'6\ 160lbs	 36DDD and ordered a Large. I would recommend this product if your'e looking for an inexpensive	 comfy	 and downright sexy piece!""	review_date"
"Like it in black color .Conceals V area nicely lolPlus size girls it hide that inner thigh a little.Those with no gap like me. Great lingerie 馃槏馃挄馃挄 am sure he will love it	review_date"
"Honestly this is perfect! I was looking for something for Valentine鈥檚 Day that was flattering and comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥? 250lbs	 with 40D bra size and I got a XXL. It fits perfectly and is extremely flattering! Covers up my tummy that I鈥檓 self conscious about and makes my boobs look great! I definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Not really my style	 but my husband picked it out	 so maybe he鈥檒l like it better.I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 130 lbs	 40鈥?bust	 28鈥?waist	 39鈥?hips. I bought the medium and it fit well. Unless you have naturally perky breasts do not expect to have as much lift as the model	 although with tightening the straps I was able to make some cleavage action happen.	review_date"
"Everything is beautiful for the price...but I don鈥檛 like how it opens directly in the tummy area. Felt like it made my tummy look huge when it鈥檚 really not.	review_date"
"Sheer and sexy! My wife absolutely loves this	 so do I! It really enhances her body! We plane to order more.	review_date"
"very pretty and fit very well! highly recommended	review_date"
"I bought this for a boudoir photo shoot. It fit great and the quality is pretty good as well. It looked great in the pictures.	review_date"
"I loved this piece especially for the price. It was comfortable	 the material is soft	 and it did not shrink when I put it in the washer. My breast are a B cup	 so it was large at the top (which was expected)	 however the adjustable straps allowed me to make it fit my shape.	review_date"
"it fits my wife nicely. When she wore it	 I just looked at her with a smile and speechless knowing that she looked amazing.	review_date"
"I loved this set. It's a must have. Wash by hands because the product will bleed. If measurements help	 I'm 5'6	217	 38/40 DD and I ordered an XL. I could've fit a large but it's super stretchy and flows wonderfully	 so I'm more comfortable with the size I picked.	review_date"
"This is very sexy! I love the fit of it	 and it washed well. The color is awesome and it comes with some cute panties! I will be ordering more!	review_date"
"Sexy without being trashy	  a very pretty mint green and quite comfortable!	review_date"
"By the time my wife got around to giving this outfit a try.  It was too late to return and painfully too small even thought I followed the size chart.	review_date"
"Is a very thin fabric which makes me worry a little about how easy it may tear at some point but over all love it!Side note: no bra built in / no breast support. Just fabric in chest area	review_date"
"Baby-doll is really cute	 G-string however is super cheep.	review_date"
"Do not like material	 it looked cute but uncomfortable to wear	review_date"
"This is exactly what I wanted! Perfectto size.	review_date"
"Great for someone larger up top than bottom.  Good fit	review_date"
"Loved this outfit. And so did my fianc茅! Highly recommended!	review_date"
"Love the color blue is really nice and fits perfect left me feeling sexy	review_date"
"I love this nightie!! I followed the sizing chart and it fits perfectly and is very flattering! Can't wait to wear it for that special someone!	review_date"
"Love this! Fabric is soft and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Pretty but just didn鈥檛 fit me right!	review_date"
"Beautiful and well made	review_date"
"Nice product for the price!	review_date"
"Soft and definitely sexy	review_date"
"Looked nice but to small	review_date"
"My husband loves it	review_date"
"not perfect	 but still okay	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Cute sexy soft and can be adjusted	review_date"
"Beautiful piece great quality would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Its so sexy. Im 185lbs 5'2\. 40DD. I love it. The thong is way too big but thats ok i have my own. The breast area does fit kind of small but i can make it work. Ill post a picture later""	review_date"
"So beautiful 馃グ My order came in one day A perfect fit I bought a large I wear a size ten I鈥檓 very happy with this purchase	review_date"
"It fits pretty dang good. so good in fact that I'm feelin myself in it!	review_date"
"Great material	 very soft	 comfortable and easy to through on.	review_date"
"ot for busty women at all you soul have to order several sizes larger and have a very loose bottom half.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 hot	review_date"
"This is cute and fit perfectly. This piece just doesn't drape or flow like the photo. The material causes it to get static electricity causing it to stick to your body.	review_date"
"Didn't like the G string as much but I did like the lingerie itself.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this product	 and so does my husband.	review_date"
"The lingerie that I ordered came extremely quick. It fits and looks beautiful.True to size. I could not be any happier!!!!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very cute	 fits well. I鈥檓 5 2鈥? size 14	 38ddd bust	 I ordered at size xl. I鈥檓 happy with the over all quality of this garment.	review_date"
"This is soft  and flattering.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually a size large ordered a medium because I read it鈥檚 very stretchy. Medium fit me perfect.	review_date"
"Fits great	 quality fabric	 exactly as pictured!	review_date"
"sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"It was ripped when I received it!	review_date"
"It hugs my medium sized body just right and my boyfriend LOVED it. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it again for him. Excited to order more in different colors!	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"This is beautiful \u0026 such a great deal! I'm a 34A/32B	 so the Small fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Beautiful!!! Fits as expected. Great material very soft and super sexy.	review_date"
"Very sexy and a great price!  Fit like a dream!	review_date"
"Perfect fit with plenty of room to adjust as needed.	review_date"
"Went well above my expectations.  Fits perfect!!!	review_date"
"Was a little bit shorter than I would have liked	 but other than that it looks great! I LOVE the color!!!	review_date"
"Exactly what I was looking for. Pretty and comfy.	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Loved it but had trouble with the front clip.  Once I got it to close it fits perfect	review_date"
"Love this set. Super cute great fit very comfortable	review_date"
"So comfortable and very well made!	review_date"
"I absolutely love the way this feels!	review_date"
"Sexy for my husband	review_date"
"馃憣馃憤	review_date"
"Great quality! And great fit!	review_date"
"Nice quality for the price	review_date"
"Hermoso	review_date"
"This item was great love it ...	review_date"
"Super soft and sexy! Loved it!	review_date"
"Quality product	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"i ordered the red one. its really soft and the color is soo pretty	review_date"
"You get what you pay for. SOOOOOO cheaply made	 with even cheaper fabric. Sent it back immediately.	review_date"
"Great for persons with a little tummy	 it hides that area and looks sexy. Really cute	 and it has adjustable straps for any size chest. I weigh 178	 5.5 and 38D bust	 and ordered the large.	review_date"
"I ordered this for a friend who has lost weight and needed to see how beautiful and sexy she is. So it was a fifty fir her to surprise her man. And it fit her so beautifully. And sexy. I ordered her a large she is tall and about 180 it fir her perfect.	review_date"
"Product arrived a day late due to weather. It is beautiful and it fits perfectly and looks great	 but it is most definitely NOT a halter. The picture of this product from the back is nothing like the actual product received. That said	 I do like it and will keep it.	review_date"
"Good for the price..but I am a size 4/6 and it is snug.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 140 lbs size 34D. I purchased a medium and it fits perfect!! Great buy for the price! I was trying to find cute lingerie for my honeymoon without breaking the bank and I absolutely love this!!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it. The straps are adjustable which is always good. It's very flowy. Going by the size chart	 I ordered a 4X (normally a 3X) and it fits perfectly. There's no underwire so if you're looking for cleavage in this	 you won't get it	 but that wasn't my goal so it didn't bother me...there is a bit of elastic under the bust for the girls to \rest\"" on. Just wanted to add a review for the plus girls considering this!! There was a bit of a chemical odor when it came so I did wash it before I wore it but it wasn't really bothersome enough to knock it down a star. It's so great that I bought another color today! Oh and the panties that come with it are very tiny if that's not your thing 馃槀馃槀 Once my husband saw it I wore it for a total of 6 seconds and it was hanging from a fan blade sooo I'd say it was worth the money 馃拋馃徎鈥嶁檧锔?	review_date"
"I ordered an XXL. Probably sould have just ordered an XL. It runs large. It's very pretty. Quality material	 stitched well. Seems like it will last a long time. It comes with a a strapy thong	 BTW. I didn't see that in the description- but there you go.  I'm usually size 16. I'd say order XL	review_date"
"This was actually a pleasant surprise for lingerie. I'm a size 16 and this was actually very flattering to my figure and fit properly. If you're plus size	 this is definitely a good choice. The only thing I could see being an issue is if you had very large boobs	 this may not fit too well. I'm a D and it fits me well but I know a lot of plus size women have a much larger cup size than that.	review_date"
"I absolutely LOVE IT! I am 5'4\ 148 Lbs 36DD and I purchased a LARGE. It is true to sizes from the diagram. It feel silky and soft not itchy. Of course	 I'll wear mines with a Bra. It comes with a G-string panty. Mine is kind of too big because I don't have a big butt lol. But this SEXY NIGHTY is worth the money! And it came quick!I wanted to up load my picture... but I don't see where I can do that at.""	review_date"
I ordered the pink one that was larger than expected for a small and very delicate
This one is one of my new favorites.  The length is longer then your typical babydoll but it's super sexy.  Very sheer and the lace adds an elegance to it
"The \girls\"" are not supported in any way. If your ladies are super tiny then this might be for you - otherwise don't count on them being kept in.The torso length isn't too terrible. Still a bit short	 but I've had worse. The material is 100% see-thru and requires a delicate wash and dry.It's made of cheaper materials so don't think this will last long.""	review_date"
"This would have been great	 but it had multiple stains on the back! Considering this is lingerie	 I'm certainly not gifting this to a friend for her bachelorette party with stains all over it. Returning.	review_date"
"I dock a star because you have to be careful here. Different colors are not just different colors	 they are also different designs. So if you think you like a design in the lace	 you can't just \pick a color\"". You need to make sure that the other color has the same design.Otherwise	 this is nice for the price. The US Size fit my wife as expected	 and it was attractive. The fabric and seams were decent quality.""	review_date"
"I wear a 36C bra so I purchased this babydoll nightie in the medium size the fit is perfect love the black color and it is so cute and sexy and makes me feel very feminine and the panties are very comfortable and if you want to spice things up a bit this is the nightie to buy. I want to let you guys in on the fact that my marriage was truly on the rocks and I got this lingerie set together with this amazing libido product from Vitamiss聽Vitamiss Libido 鈥?100% All Natural Herbal Female Libido Enhancement. Increase Arousal	 Desire	 and Pleasure!. Ever since I started taking this supplement	 my husband can鈥檛 keep his hands off of me. We can鈥檛 get out of the house if you know what I mean lol. Try it ladies	 you won鈥檛 regret it.	review_date"
Full disclosure
"This thing is AMAZING! The ONLY reason it's not getting 5 stars is because the end of the ribbon accent frayed. And the thong was a joke. BUT- other than that	 it was PERFECT!! I am 28 weeks pregnant	 5'5\ and 250 lbs. I was an 18 before I got pregnant. I ordered the 4XL and it fit perfectly! It wasn't too tight AT ALL. In fact	 I probably could have gone down a size	 but I'm glad I had lots of room to breath and move and not feel constricted. Now	 keep in mind that it doesn't have support up top like a bra	 so if that is what you're expecting this is not the right piece for you. But let me tell ya- this bad boy was soooo soft! The lace was smooth and did NOT feel like cheap	 crinkly lace that some other inexpensive items have. It was silky	 and I felt so damn sexy wearing it! I got this for my babymoon	 and it was the perfect choice. Keep in mind ladies the breast area is completely see-through	 so the girls will be on full display. All in all	 this piece was a blessing. It is SO hard to find lingerie when you're plus sized	 and doubly hard when you're plus sized AND pregnant! This was such a confidence booster	 and I needed that right about now. Thank you so much!!!""	review_date"
"I am sooo very glad I gave this piece a try..Ive been spending way tooo much money at Dept stores...and this piece is not only sexy and comfortable but has the length I need... being that Im a size 16 it hides my celluite and give the illusion of thinness.	review_date"
"I ordered the red size 4x ( It fits but next time I'm going to get a 3x because it is a bit large on me) I am 315lbs and a size 3x shirt and 20 to 22 jeans. This is as pictured and very flattering. I wish it had more breast support but I will be ordering more in a few more colors anyways because my husband loved it and didn't mind the sag lol.  This is worth the buy but make sure you order your normal size	 you do not need to size up.Edit: after a few washes they are starting to fall apart in the breast area....I'm not too happy about that because they are cute. Changing to 3 stars.	review_date"
"I bought this for my girlfriend. Shes pregnant and i wanted her to feel pretty. The material is nice and soft. The length is a little longer than i would expect but considering the fact that she a bit of a baby bump it works out ok. I think she likes it ok because shes worn it several times. The quality doesnt match the price either so if your thinking its just going to fall apart because it didnt cost 50$ your wrong. Stiching appears to be good. There weren't loose threads all over the place either.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6	 size 10	 36D/42\ bust. I ordered XL in Blue to make sure I had enough chest coverage. It fits loosely since I ordered up	 but it's not noticeably big. The nightie comes down to my knees so this would even fit tall girls really well. The lace portion is see-thru	 it's just hard to tell bc I'm wearing blue shorts in my photos. I really like this nightie. It fits well	 the fabric is soft	 I feel like \""the girls\"" are contained	 I like the color options	 it's comfortable and the rose pattern on the lace is pretty.""	review_date"
"The sizing on this is terrible. I ordered up because I hate lingerie that is supposed to be flowy	 but is too tight. So it's pretty big	 though In okay with that. My problem is that despite how large the entire thing is	 the chest is about five sizes too small. I couldn't fit my 4th grade C cup boobs in it. I am fairly large chested	 but I always order up	 and I never have this problem. The fact that the rest of it swallowed me like a tent	 but that the chest was soooo small is ridiculous. Particularly since I am extremely proportional despite being overweight.	review_date"
"This is adorable.I was a bit surprised by the sizing. I wear an extra large in american sizes (14-16)	 and ordered an extra large	 and it is actually a bit big. I'd say that if you are x-large on the bottom and just large on top (like me)	 consider ordering a large.Sizing aside	 it is comfortable	 not itchy	 flowy	 and flattering. It obviously doesn't have great boob support	 but it's got a little鈥攅nough for a fun evening at home	 certainly. I'd be happy to pay three times as much for a similar item that came with a guarantee of fair labor practices (anyone have any suggestions?).	review_date"
"This fit okay	 but looked rather funny on	 as the side slit is not truly at the side	 or middle for that matter.  The lacy part over the breasts is really stretchy	 so if you are top heavy by ANY standard	 do not buy this set as there is not only no support	 but because it is so stretchy	 it is not flattering in the least.	review_date"
"I am a plus sized woman . I bought this lace babydoll  lingerie . I love it because I have body image issues. But I want to feel sexy too . This  nighty is perfect for me it鈥檚 long to cover my belly 	  This one covers your chest but does not offer support . I just love it 	 just enough to cover some of my imperfections . I have bought different ones that don鈥檛 even cover my breasts 	 and I had to ware a bra under it . This one you don鈥檛 have to ... I cannot wait to ware it for my husband ... 馃槈	review_date"
"My honey really likes it!  I accidentally got it a pinch big	 and it's not so amazing and favorite that I need to correct my mistake	 but it will definitely be put to use.  It's startlingly sheer	 moreso than the photos indicate.  The off-center lace-and-bow detail confuses my partner and I	 but the overall effect is still jaw-dropping.  It's very kind to my generous stomach	 which is my main insecurity.  It doesn't fit my generous bosom perfectly	 but when I saw my partner's face I quickly decided that didn't matter nearly as much as I thought it might.	review_date"
"I am a 5'7\ 40DD thick pretty well proportioned and ordered a 4XL after reading the small boob area.. soo glad I went that big other wise the girls wouldn't have fit. But they did	 and semi support as well thanks to the agustable straps. It was free flowing	 material is super soft and comfy	 and I loved the length. Def worth the price and some. Ohhh yeah. The panties are a jokeeee!! Lol no way they were going on and as I said I ordered two sizes bigger. So buy ur own panties ladies.""	review_date"
"I am 44	 5' 4\ tall and 178lbs and am built pretty solidly and evenly. I usually wear an L/XL in ready to wear ... The XL fit *perfectly*The design of the garment was good to hide 'flaws' and accentuate the good things.  The stitching was excellent and I found no fault in the item  received.  I even came back to see what other similiar items the seller / company had to offer because I really liked this one.Husband *totally* approved.""	review_date"
"Wore it once before the plastic o ring holding one of the straps brokeEditted to add: bought again in a different color strap still broke didn't even get to wear it. DO NOT BUY. I've purchased plenty of 'cheap' lingerie online and it has lasted at least one wear. Stay away.	review_date"
"I should have paid attention to more of the bad reviews. This is horrible! It's way too short \u0026 absolutely to support at all. The tiny bit of elastic for your boobs is just a waste because it does nothing! It hung awkwardly and just looked terrible on me. I didn't even bother to try on the panties. It also arrived with a strong chemical scent. Nope	 don't waste your time with this unless your a teeny tiny person.	review_date"
"I first picked this up in black. I hand washed it and it turned out very soft and slinky. Husband liked it so much he asked that I order it in white too.I didn't wear the panties though so I can't comment on that.Nice quality for the price.I'm 5'6	 approx 125-130lbs	 and a 34C	 medium fit perfect.	review_date"
"I ordered both a medium and large of the same outfit because I was not sure which would fit. The medium was made of a very nice satin material that flowed nicely around the body. Unfortunately	 the bust area was too small. I took out the large of what I thought was the exact same garment. NOT!! The large was made of a much cheaper material that was full of static. It clung to my body and would not flow at all like the medium. Not only was the material cheaper	 the color was a much lighter blue. Not sure why the same item is made with different materials	 but this garment definitely was!! Needless to say both items were returned!	review_date"
"Really good quality. I was afraid it would be rough and the lacey area would make my nipples feel like they were in a meat grinder	 but not at all! Very nice. I have thick thighs and can be self conscious about them. This is a great way to not highlight that area	 but is still sexy even if you have great legs. I hope that makes sense. Im a size 16 with 36 H chest	 I ordered an xl and it fit perfectly. I will probably order other colors now.	review_date"
"I bought this a little bigger than what I would normally buy because of the reviews	 and it fit perfect. It looked and felt great! Im a bigger girl and I don't normally buy lingerie but this was amazing and made me look very sexy and beautiful.	review_date"
"I just wanted to say this was my very first time purchasing any lingerie online and so glad I did. I was a bit confused about what size to order reading all the other reviews but just order your regular clothing size. It fit and looks perfect- only complaint I can come up with is the \thong\"" which is personally not my cup of tea and it is a bit short. Just to let others know I am only 5'3\"" and it hits me near upper thigh region like one of those longer tank tops so if you are a taller woman it might not work out unless you're ok with it being a bit shorter.""	review_date"
"Great! My fiance loves it.	review_date"
"I'm normally a 2x but I bought a 3x just in case. I love it! Super flowy	 I feel confident in it and can't wait till Valentine's day 馃槉 and of course there's not a lot of support for big boobs but you're not suppose to be wearing it long anyways 馃槣	review_date"
"I love this babydoll! I was worried about the color	 but when I opened the package the blue was stunning. This is true to size. I ordered a small and this fit me perfectly. (5' 110 lbs	 by the way).This is neither too tight nor too lose	 and the lace is soft	 not scratchy. It's very comfortable. I've even slept in it a few times. A wonderful	 worthwhile purchase	 and one I am always excited to wear.	review_date"
"Its very pretty and soft.was darker purple than i thought itd be based off the picture but it was still pretty. I went off the sizing chart	 and it fits perfectly. Not too tight and its not big at all. Will defiantly be buying more in future.Update for 2nd purchase of the deep wine red one........Ordered the same size. And this one seemed to be tighter	 so it was smaller. And these nighties barely even hold ur tits in. However	 it is very pretty. They are very soft. If u got small tits. Go for it.	review_date"
"Honestly I was expecting this not to fit	 but it fit. I wear a size 28 at Torrid and bought a 5x. I can tell it's not going to last long	 I'll have to baby it if I want it to last beyond a year. If you just wear it once in a while on special occasions you can probably have a good run	 but I like to sleep in lingerie and I'll probably only get 6 months wearing it once or twice a week	 from my experience with this quality.	review_date"
"My husband loves this! I am a size 16/18	 petite and largr busted. I ordered the 3xl and i could have ordered the 2xl as the 3xl is a little big. But it looks good and feels good. Of course not a lot of support for my chest but this isn't made for support. I ordered it for my husband and he loves seeing me in it. So i am happy with it. Can't beat the price.	review_date"
"Larger breasted women might need an extra support when wearing this. other than that it is super cute and breezy. The little g-string thing is too impractical for me	 so you might want to find a matching thong or other cute underwear to go with it if you don't like the idea of actual butt floss.	review_date"
"The underwear is a little big but most of the time they are in sets for me. Usually worse actually. It's super cute and the actual dress part fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very nice sexy	review_date"
"This is a nice buy for the price. The material is soft and flowing and a little longer than the average babydoll which is good. The top part is a little small and there is no support so if you have a bigger chest	 be prepared to just let them hang. It would have been great to have a little extra coverage up top but overall	 it鈥檚 well made and my husband hasn鈥檛 been able to keep his hands off me since the second I put it on 馃槏	review_date"
Can't beat the price 
"So I went by their size chart and my babydoll was too big. The cut isn't not flattering in the least for small breasts and I found it to be shorter and wider (possibly from it running too big) than expected. Overall a horribly unflattering piece. As if that wasn't bad enough mine arrived ripped. I love the color and fabric but this is a major let down.	review_date"
"I am not a tall person (5'5) and this was extremely short on me.  I was wanting something sleek and somewhat long (the picture made it look like it came to mid-thigh at least)	 but this barely came down below my bottom.  It also gathered really weird where the fabric changes.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4	 180 pounds	 and a size 36D. I ordered a Large and surprisingly the bust area was a little large for me. The rest fit nicely. My only concern is how fragile the straps are. The sewing on my left strap was a little undone and I had it on for not even 5 minutes and it slipped apart	 and all I had done was lift my shoulder a little. Keep in mind I still had the straps extremely loose. I'm unable to send it back or order a new one because I do not have time	 I ordered this with the thought that I'd be wearing it to surprise my boyfriend within 4 days of writing this review	 unless I have a new one shipped to his home so I have it on time	 The fabric itself feels great and it had a comfortable fit besides the top being slightly large	 but make sure to inspect the sewing on the straps before you put it on.	review_date"
"I dont regret buying this at all but it definitely wasn't what I expected. It's super soft and comfy and even though it's see through it doesn't really have a sexy vibe like I thought it would.	review_date"
"this is a very beautiful lingerie. I ordered a size bigger because I though it will run small but it is true to size. Very light weight	 comfortable to sleep in and sexy. I ordered my true size and a different color.	review_date"
"Very	 very pretty	 sexy \u0026 feminine. Only 1 thing...if u gals wear a D cup size	 take it from me...this is NOT for you. I am busting out all over the place on both sides! 馃槼 But am going to see what i can do to it so it's not as obvious! If u gals wear a A	B or C cup	 you'll love it!! 馃憤馃徏 Lisa	review_date"
"Coming from a man's point of view	 we love the visual things we see from our woman	 and this definitely helped. My wife is already good looking	 but this	 I couldn't keep my hands off her... in a good way.	review_date"
"I ordered the small. I was worried that it wouldn't fit	 but it ended up fitting perfectly	 now if only my valentine's day surprise hadn't been ruined	 but my monthlu visitor. This is super comfy an less sheer than pictured.	review_date"
"I have no complaints	 the only reason I gave 4 stars is because the g string was a waste of material and was thrown in the trash right away.  There was a slight odor when I took it out of the package but a quick cycle in the washer and it was fine. Not sure how long the material will hold up	 but it is a great value for the price. Do not expect any support for the girls.  It arrived just as promised.	review_date"
"It fit good everywhere else but the boobs but I have big boobs anyways but I would have thought with a plus size outfit it would be bigger that a b cup.	review_date"
"I love the great colors available. I bought purple and came back for watermelon. It comfortable and I love that this is a little longer than most. I'm taller at just shy of 6' so the extra length made me feel comfortable. It also was approved heartily by my husband so it's a win all around.	review_date"
"I love how well this fits me. I ordered an XL. I am 5' 7\ and approximately 150lbs. It's very beautiful and very slimming! It shows skin in all the right places. I'm very happy with my purchase and I plan on getting other colors!!!""	review_date"
"This is a classic baby doll with adjustable straps	 lace inserts	 and satin trim	 with a cute little offset bow. The material is listed as mesh and lace	  but the tag on this says 65% cotton	 35% polyester. There are no loose threads and it seems to be well made. It is also very soft and not itchy with all that lace. That is rare for this price range. Sexy is great	 but since it's not itchy this won't be in a drawer just for \special\"" occasions! This runs true to US sizes	 so you won't need to size up for this. The material does have some stretch to it	 just in case you're on the fence about what size to order. I ordered XXl but I could have easily gone with XL. The only thing I could have done without was the G-string. It would be nice if they added a bikini option. They are sexy I guess	 but they are not made for the person wearing it! Even with that	 this is a beautiful and sexy nightie! This was such a bargain even paying full price and I wasn't sure what to expect	 but I loved the royal blue color so I decided to take a chance. I was pleasantly surprised with this! I love it!""	review_date"
"My husband loved the item. I normally wear a 3x in tops but I purchased this in a 4x because I have really large breasts. I was still falling out of the 4x but my husband didn't mind one bit	 lol. I ended up with a hole in the bust area by the end of the evening. I found the g-string uncomfortable and you can honestly do without it because it looked great either way. THIS ITEM IS ENTIRELY SEE THROUGH. Will definitely purchase again.	review_date"
"The texture and materials are as expected. If you (or your significant other) has any type of boobies	 this doesn't do a whole lot. More of squishes them out the sides and no real area for them to rest. Yes	 I fully realize that all boobs are different. The quality is in line with most lingerie other than higher end Victoria Secrets	 etc. For the price its nice	 sheer and sexy.	review_date"
"Was so excited when I saw the reviews for this product. Was going to wear this for a special photo shoot next Friday.... opened the package today full of hope for beautiful lingerie and got this garbage! Don't even know what this is or how to put it on. So very disappointed	review_date"
"This is silky \u0026 the fabric is beautiful.  However if you are busty and/or aging there is nothing (no underwires	 etc) to help hoist the girls up.  I would recommend going with something different if this is an issue for you.  Also it fits pretty large.	review_date"
"absolutely beautiful	 pretty color	 soft and sexy!!  Would so recommend to anyone who wants to be beautiful	 comfortable and sexy all at once! :)	review_date"
"I am big girl	 230lbs and 3XL was quite big for me. These lingerie things always tend to be smaller even when plus size	 but this one definitely is big size so don't order too big. It fits very large. But it means really big girls can have their size that actually fits nice.The watermelon red color looked quite unique on the screen. This slip itself looked mundane but I bought this just for its color but in reality it is more of bright pink. Doesn't have that salmon peach tone you get from the screen.	review_date"
"This is such a pretty color but the quality was poor and there was a hole in the top left section. I鈥檇 pass this one up. I鈥檇 already wore if for the night before noticing so didn鈥檛 send back. There is no way to close the hole in the garment without it being very noticeable.	review_date"
"This fit as expected except in the cups. I am a 5'8\	 250 lb. woman with a 36DD chest and the sisters didn't fit into these cups very well. But I LOVED the color and feel of the lingerie and like wearing it.""	review_date"
"I can't wait to wear this tonight. I think I will pass on the thong.  I went by others comments to get the right size.  There's no support for the girls but I have a light blue bra I could wear under it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy. Poor Quality.  My gf wore it one time and one of the strings on the belt frayed about two inches as well as the panties. Will not last more than 3 uses	 unfortunately. Fits perfectly for 5'6\ thin/fit woman that primarily wears medium.""	review_date"
"Cute! Cute! Cute! I normally hate buying lingerie online because you never know if it's going to run small but this really does run true to size I think.  It's also very figure flattering for thicker girls :) My husband LOVED it.  It didn't stay on very long	review_date"
"Material is soft and stretchy	 a must for night time wear!! Sexy and comfy	 great combination! :) It's working GREAT as a maternity night gown	 it's light weight \u0026 airy	 just what I need when pregnant! I just ordered me 3 more colors-the color options are brilliant! Love love love....!	review_date"
"I mean	 I鈥檓 getting real. I have DDs and ummm this thing just lets me spill out. But given its purpose and time to be worn I鈥檓 not counting this against its rating if you know what I鈥檓 sayin 馃槈 if yo titties float like the model then you鈥檙e fine but if they don鈥檛 defy gravity this things NOT meant for support but it鈥檚 so cheap and thin it can dramatically be torn off lol	review_date"
"Very cute	 perfect color	 but the thong was way too big and I kept tightening the straps to hold my boobs up (lol) and as soon as I would tighten them they would loosen again and it didn't look as attractive as it could have. Not everyone has boobs like in the picture so we need dependable straps to hold us up. Pretty good price but for me the product actually ran big... which really surprised me. But above all it was very comfortable and made my man happy... I could have been a little happier but I will settle what I got.	review_date"
"Bought for my new husband	 and he loves It! I am 5'2\	 180lbs	 and only 36A cup. It looks great	 though is a little longer than I thought	 around mid thigh. Fabric is soft and stretchy""	review_date"
"I ordered this product in two sizes up from what I normally wear and it still fit me way too small. My breasts were popping out because the cut is way too wide	 and the shape is not very flattering. Totally uncomfortable to wear and not sexy at all.	review_date"
"I love this sexy babydoll lingerie.  My only problem is I just don鈥檛 like thong between my cheeks!  LOLS....Other then that	 my husband finds these very hott \u0026 sexy!  I bought the black and wine color.  I am pleased with both and yes	 they do fit as expected.	review_date"
"LOVE this product! I have a size 38DDD chest	 and the XL fit perfectly. The material is definitely stretchy	 but not in a sloppy way. Would definitely recommend this product to anyone looking for a sexy little night gown to surprise their significant other with!	review_date"
"I ordered the black in 5x. I figured it ran a little small.  It fit me perfect.  I'm 5'10\ And wear a size 24/26. It fit just right.  But I have large breasts so the boob part was too small for me.  But it was ok.  The thong fit as expected.  I'd buy again.  I'm thinking of getting another color and getting more.  Good for the price.""	review_date"
"too large everywhere but the breasts.. there it is WAY TOO SMALL... i am 40C	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. I love these things and she so does also . She is 5'5 195lbs (after three kids) and a double d cup. Adjustable straps for the breast area to make her cleavage look perfect. Length looks good also mid to upper thigh.Most men would not complain is it were to short but it is good as-is.	review_date"
"Says \Babydoll PLUS size in the description	 but look at the size 4 model! I didn't order this for a plus-size woman	 and it'shuge. Hangs on her like a blanket. Won't be wearing this for any results.""	review_date"
"Great purchase. Good quality. The lace and mesh is nice and soft. I purchased one size up but it wasn鈥檛 necessary. They are true to size which is nice. If it is being shipped from the company it will take about a month to get to you. But if it鈥檚 amazon fulfilled then you鈥檒l get it much sooner. I ordered the dark/royal blue color. I absolutely love it and ordered a second one in red.	review_date"
"It's a beautiful piece but it doesnt hold the chest at all. You need to have very small chest in order to get the result of the picture provided by the site.	review_date"
"Looks great on me!  Very pretty fits great I got an XL. I am a 36 C and fits good	 if you have big breast this will not fit properly.  I love the length not too short.  Also	  there is no support for the girls 	 I put a pretty bra on	 looks very sexy.  I bought purple.  I am ordering a different color.  Shipping was fast too.  Overall very happy with my order.	review_date"
"For the money	 this is a 10 star product! I dunno what you girls do with those little g-string panties that come with it	 I don't bother with those	 but other than that	 it fits great (I bought it a little big	 so that's on me)	 it's super cute! I love it	 and I love love love the price!	review_date"
"Love the color	 fit perfectly. Did not have a problem with the die when I watched it	 as another customer had put in her review	 I did not have that problem. For the price	 I have no complaints. However	 I鈥檓 pretty busty and there鈥檚 no support in the bust area. I have the straps as tight as possible but it鈥檚 still very loose. Not enough to make me stop wearing it.	review_date"
"So comfy!! I'm 5'4\ 170lbs	 large C cup. I ordered a Medium and it was fantastic  "
"It fit perfectly! It feels amazing and its so comfortable! My expectations were a little high because with any product the seller is going to make their product and the model wear the product look great. Obviously you dont know what the product is going to look like on you until you recieve it and this product exceeded my expectations.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure which size to select	 I am size 16-18 [more on the 16 size].  I selected the XXL	 it is a little big"
"Arrived on time and in good condition. The fabric is soft and beautiful	 I usually wear a Med/Lg. When I ordered I went with and XL and it is too big. I should have ordered a large and it most likely would have fit but it is beautiful and comfortable so I will keep it.	review_date"
"This is cute	 but not sexy on a smaller framed body. I thought it would be longer like on the model but this was about to my hip bones. Too much like a babydoll and it made me look wider than I am. Sizing was true	 i got a size small	 and I'm a A cup size and size 2-4. Returned.	review_date"
"It's soft and very pretty but the cups are very wide set so my chest is barely covered	 of course my hubby says that's his favorite part so I shouldn't complain. I normally wear a 2X in clothes so I ordered the xxl and I probably should have got an xl as it runs just slightly large . But for the price it's great and I'm gonna keep it and enjoy it	review_date"
"This was just what I expected! I ordered the royal blue and it looks just like it does in the picture! It is a tad long	 but it's flattering and fit great through the chest too. I ordered the xxl and I had some room in it. I'm normally a size 18 but ordered up to be safe and it fit the way I wanted it too. The thong was a little large	 but it still fit. I'm going to order another in a different color!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. This is beautiful	 soft	 sexy and makes me feel amazing. So	 yes	 he noticed. So much so that I ordered another in a different color. Love	 love	 love!	review_date"
"I love this! I was worried it was going to be too rough is certain areas but it's like wearing silk. It's very breathable and very flattering. I'm very happy with this and can't wait to show my husband on our anniversary :)	review_date"
"I love love love this! It鈥檚 super soft and very pretty. It鈥檚 a little longer than I expected but I like it. It fit well too. I鈥檇 say it runs just slightly large	 not enough to size down though.	review_date"
"First of all it's super comfy. And looks beautiful on me. I do have a problem with my breasts fitting properly. At the time I was a 38DD and ordered a Large. Still wear I just hang out a bit.	review_date"
"Both straps broke within one minute of putting it on . made cheap 	 size fits great . but cheap made	review_date"
"Cheaply made	 the material is thin and transparent	 it鈥檚 scratchy against my skin and it鈥檚 not worth the amount I paid.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it! Looks and fits perfectly	 feels very soft against the skin and very figure flattering. I ordered a size up as I am third trimester pregnancy and it fit perfect. I wasn't to impressed with the thong but thats ok. I will most definitely be ordering again.	review_date"
"Sexy and modest at the same time. I love the length	 it is about mid-thigh. I got 2 in different colors because it was perfect. Can't beat the price!	review_date"
"gorgeous piece of lingerie. It is favorite piece I own now. Would order again. Must order a size larger than you'd normally order.	review_date"
"I normally wear a size 24 pants	 20 top and I bought the 4XL. I love it! Considering the small amount of time you鈥檒l be wearing it	 I don鈥檛 see a reason to spend a ton on it personally. 鈽猴笍馃槈	review_date"
"Material is really soft. Very flattering	 flows nicely. I'm 5'4\ and weigh around 150. Ordered the large and it fits great. Got the Turquoise  color. It's very pretty. Wearing the bottoms kinda ruins the look. Not that you really need them. You won't be wearing this very long. Had to adjust the shoulder straps though as I'm smaller on top	 and it fits much better.""	review_date"
"Very cute	 for the price	 quality is decent. I do really like the adjustable sizing on the thong	 nice touch. Would purchase again	 but probably a size smaller.	review_date"
"Very beautiful!  Lace and material are soft.  The quality is great for the price!  It鈥檚 a babydoll style and so no problems with fit. I鈥檓 a big girl (tall 6ft 200lbs US Misses size 14-16 40D)  ordered a xxl based on the measurements in the chart and the bust area fit well.  I would definitely purchase this item again. One little minor issue is that in the picture it appears there is a split in the front lace and in reality there is no split.	review_date"
"I received this sexy lingerie today and it's absolutely gorgeous. The color matched and it fit perfect. I have no complaints and for the price that I paid it's worth it. Thinking about ordering a second one in black.	review_date"
"Of all of the items I purchased for my honeymoon this is by FAR my favorite. It's flattering and comfy	 and it's in my Fianc茅's favorite color! I hope it's his favorite too "
"Very cheaply made not happy with the fit at all	review_date"
"Looks great	 nice and soft.  Think my bride really likes this one and feels confident and sexy in it as well.  Product seems to be of good quality and appears it will last for quite a while.	review_date"
"So....this was a formerly used item. The straps were not in the original place and noticeably moving and there is dirt on one strap.I will be washing it first but want a partial refund per I shouldn't pay for NEW and get USED	review_date"
"Poor quality	 cheap plastic rings connect shoulder straps.  Broke the first time worn.  Garbage.  Returned for a refund.	review_date"
"I love this nightie !! The color is so pretty and it makes me feel so sexy in it !! The fit and feel are so nice - very glad I ordered it !	review_date"
"I ordered this for a fun weekend outfit and it fits as expected. I am 5'5 120 pounds 38C and ordered a small. The length is great and covers just enough and shows just enough. Great item for the price best if you hand wash it	 ordering another color.	review_date"
"The cups for the breasts are sewn oddly. I had to keep pulling it down for my breasts to stay in the cups. I don't think a larger size would have fixed that problem.	review_date"
"Took a smaller size.  Bra cups offer no support.  Model has a boob job she looks fantastic.  Unless your boobs are perky your not going to look like the picture.  The outfit is very nice but if your a D cup and you don't mind boobs down to your naval knock your socks off.  Nice outfit but definitely not for a big chested gal!	review_date"
"Love love love the purple color.  It is vibrant and fun!  The adjustable straps give good support.  Fabric is soft and stretchy	 but a little more see through than expected.  Length is great.  Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Very flattering even on us bigger women.  Just pay attention to the size chart don't order your normal size order the equivalent listed and you will be happy you did.	review_date"
"Nice for the price. I ordered an XL and it fit well. I ware a size large shirt and size 12 to 14 jeans if that helps anyone.	review_date"
"one of the straps broke already and if you have a big chest there is no support but it fit well and i just cut the straps to tie in the back now instead of returning it because i like it even thou it had a few issues	review_date"
"Very pretty but I Received the wrong item and not even the same size as order so there for I can鈥檛 use it. I won鈥檛 return it because is just not worth a trip.	review_date"
"The size was true	 and my wife liked the fit.  It's see-through	 but was well made and as durable as these lacy things can be. A good buy for the price of $12.	review_date"
"Yes! it fits as desired	 can't wait to wear it. My suggestion to those looking to buy	 is to go a size smaller than your original size	 as I did. So if you're a large	 you probably should get a medium.	review_date"
"Looks like the picture	 however the picture shows a much more fitted nights. This doesn't have much shape and is rather small in the bust	 but the material is very soft. HOWEVER that bow is big and odd 馃槥馃槤	review_date"
"I took away one star because one of the straps ripped as soon as I tried it on. Luckily I was able to sew it back on. Otherwise it got the job done this Valentine鈥檚 Day. I probably could have ordered a size smaller.	review_date"
"Fit fine. I'm 5\2	 198lbs. I ordered XXL. The reviews are right on this one. If you have larger (natural) breasts don't waste your time. There is absolutely no support. The rest of it is cute but boob area is not flattering by itself. Oh	 and the thong is kind of a joke. I would buy a different one to match it.""	review_date"
"Love this!! The cups are not for big boobs though I鈥檓 a 34dd and it hardly covers a whole lot but it鈥檚 very pretty.	review_date"
"I bought 2 in the same size	 watermelon and green... the green fits perfect and this one was WAYYYY too big. I don't know what happened there.	review_date"
"Cute	 bright	 color and materials good. But the bow came off (wasnt sewn on well) on it's own and the panties are cute	 fit well.	review_date"
"Way to big. Can't return it cause I'm handicapped. So sadly out money.	review_date"
"unlike most lingerie	  this is comfortable.  I ordered big	 because I don't like them tight.  This fits loose but is comfy!	review_date"
"5'2\	 135 lbs. Small chest. I ordered a Medium. Probably could have gotten away with a small. My husband loved this one. I got the turquoise color which is beautiful.""	review_date"
"Very sexy when you put it on	 I wore it with high heels an some cute jewelry.	review_date"
"If your breast are still perky this may work. I鈥檓 a 44DDD/44F (2x - 3x) and it doesn鈥檛 work. NO support at all. All over sizing ok.  It has a bow with a long ribbon which you can tie but it looks awkward. Sheer see through fabric kept getting snagged by my finger nails. I ordered the blue which is a very rich and beautiful color. Oh	 although straps were adjusted all the way they kept coming down.	review_date"
"Comfortable enough to sleep in. Fianc茅 thinks it's hot! Fits great but since in a size 6 with C boobs my boobs kind fall out. But in a sexy way!	review_date"
"Very comfortable and pretty.  I was expecting a bikini panty not a G-string.  G-string went in garbage	 lol.  I will find something else to match it.	review_date"
"I like the soft material and the hemming looked ok for the price. I have large breast and so the breast part is useless to me.	review_date"
"Got this for myself for a weekend getaway for my husband's birthday. I really liked the way it fit	 and he loved it as well. :)	review_date"
"Much prettier than expected. A very forgiving \u0026 stretchy fit. Flattering	 classy	 elegant. The ribbon bow shredded a bit on the first wear. I had to trim it. But I love this piece. Very comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"I got the 5xl	 I normally wear a size 22-24 I have a big butt and a fairly big stomach	 I was scared to buy lingerie online bc everything fits differently. I honestly could have gone with a 4xl but I'm okk with the 5 BC ot his my stomach well	review_date"
"The best and only lingerie that is so comfortable.Wow.This product deserves a 10!Companies forget to make comfort and sexy in one product.I am so glad I bought this.	review_date"
"Very comfortable I throw it on and relax in this and still look sexy for hubby while being comfortsble. This is one of my new favorite pieces of lingerie.	review_date"
"Cheap	review_date"
"8 months pregnant and wanted to find something comfortable that's still enticing. It was a little longer than I thought it would be	 but still very comfortable and flowy. Husband loves it and my boobs and belly actually fit comfortably.	review_date"
"I brought it an extra size	 thing that they run small like all baby dolls	 but buy your actual size should fit okay.  Looks great.	review_date"
"Beautiful..softer than expected...sized perfectly...I will order in all colors	review_date"
"Feminine and pretty	 the fit was ok.  Chest was a little snug.  I plan on hand washing this as it is very delicate.  I don't think it will last very long.  For the price	 the quality is as expected.	review_date"
"This arrived in a timely manner. Packaging was fine. It fits just as expected. I love it. I would buy it again.	review_date"
"I love it and wish I would have just ordered the M as it is rather large	 but It is beautiful and sexy when on. Great quality and a very pretty design.	review_date"
"Great fit and love the material. I used some lacy silk panties with it and it completed the look. Hubby was extremely pleased.	review_date"
"Cons: If you鈥檙e over an A cup	 this won鈥檛 fit you in the chest area. The underwear that came with it where ridiculous	 I laughed and didn鈥檛 even try them on.Pros: cheap	 flattering on the stomach area	review_date"
"Cute but big. I鈥檓 a size 14-16 but my top is 42 c. It鈥檚 great on top but lost of room in the stomach area which I don鈥檛 mind. It鈥檚 for my honey moon so I hope he well like it.	review_date"
"It fits well	 but is a bit big in the bust. I honestly just dont like the design and how it looked on me	review_date"
"These run very small I am a little disappointed as they don't make the blue one any bigger and wearing something that is too small is just really not sexy. Especially in my bust I am a 42c and the breast cups in this are way too small for me. Not sure its even worth it to return :-(	review_date"
"As a bigger woman (350 lbs) I didn't expect this to fit my body type at all. (Belly and boobs). But it does. There is even a lot of room to spare. I could have went down a size. Definitely a great purchase. Will be purchasing other colors and styles.	review_date"
"Horrible design and fit	review_date"
"It's really soft and pretty.  I'm 52	 5'11\ and 200 pounds.  I ordered the XL	 and I was nervous that it would be too small but it fit perfectly.  Can't wait to wear it for my boyfriend "
"It fits great and feels super comfortable compared to other companies. BUT it has zero features that would make your boobs squished together like that lol. She must have taped them together or something 馃槀 It's just thin (very thin) lace over them	review_date"
"Very comfortable and flattering. Fits as expected. I love that it's not too tight around the hips as I am full figured and some other items don't accomadate the curves. Thank you!	review_date"
"Ordered a size up based off of the reviews and it fit a little big. File is more of a bright pink	 not the same shade of watermelon pink as in the picture.	review_date"
"Love it! The fabric is soft	 the length is nice	 and it is both sweet and sexy. The blue is beautiful and the floral design is lovely! I am 5'2	 32D bra size and it fits very well.	review_date"
"it fit but the part for your boobs is spread so far apart they almost do not cover anything up there.	review_date"
"For the price this was an amazing bargain. It fit perfectly. I am.size 14/16 with a 40 DDD bra size so I ordered an XL. It is very pretty. I ordered the black. Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very nice for the price. No breast support however there are adjustable straps. I wear a 24/26 and I am 44C/D. Fits perfect and can't wait for my love to see. Panties were too small. Panties are like one size fits all and consist of mainly ugly elastic with no fabric	review_date"
"To be honest I felt good in this and I am a letter woman who struggles wearing anything intimate.	review_date"
"I was looking for something a little smaller in the chest	 and bigger everywhere else	 and this wasn't exactly that. I was shopping for a friend's lingerie shower	 and she's a little smaller up top	 with bigger hips	 but it seemed like it would still fit ok! And it was really pretty	 and soft.	review_date"
"I loved how it fit	 but I didn't know it didn't come with the pantys	 I thought it did but I guess I was wrong.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?size 14 38dd and an xl fits perfectly. It鈥檚 supercute I love it	review_date"
"I am happy with this purchase the fit is great and it鈥檚 not so short tha my butt hangs out lol which is what I was looking for. Fits true to size.	review_date"
"Very cheaply made. Broke the first use.	review_date"
"A little loose.  Make sure to wash by hand.  Gets wrinkles easily.  Iron on low.	review_date"
"Super happy with this lingerie. Soft material and also came with a matching thong.. I absolutely love it and my husband loves it too :)	review_date"
"Very happy with this night neglee. Its way more see through then the picture suggests so be careful of that. You can see the nipple color thats how see through it is. But its great for sleeping very light and comfy material	review_date"
"Buy one	 then buy the rest! You will love these. Can wear a couple for more fun!	review_date"
"This was really cute and fit well but the ribbons and hem started to fray after wearing it a few times. I would give it four stars if it had lasted an appropriate amount of time.	review_date"
"Not high quality fabric but sexy for sleeping and inexpensive price. Cups are very small on it for a large chested woman	review_date"
"I have large breast and the cups of this product doesn't fit larger breast sizes but it is a very pretty and sexy piece.	review_date"
"Was very pleasantly surprised! Fit well	 beautiful color	 super soft and comfortable while being sexy all at the same time. My husband loved it "
"He loves it more than me 	 my hubby is getting me more colors 	 I love how it hold my body and  I definitely feel so sexy in it especially after just having a baby 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"no support for breasts at all	 otherwise fits well. there's just a small band of elastic that goes under the breast so if you are bigger you'll likely fall out	review_date"
"Its nice and  beautiful however it is a bit largwr than what I envisioned according to the measurements	  but its ok	review_date"
"Might be fine for those with young	 perky bosoms	 but my not very young one had no intention of staying up in the intended area.	review_date"
"Gorgeous color and looks amazing. My husbands eyeballs almost fell out when he saw me!	review_date"
"The piece itself is super pretty and actually fairly soft. But	 the first time I tried it on I gently pulled the strap up onto my shoulder and the stitching came undone. So now I have to fix it and I don't know how to sew 馃槬 this also came with a thong that was basic. Literally just string and mesh.	review_date"
"I got the biggest size and it's actually a little big	 but now I know what size to buy in the future.It's decently well made. Kinda what you'd expect for the price.	review_date"
"My husband loved this one! great sexy buy! get it. if more colors get the one that suits you. I got the royal blue and absolutely gorgeous.	review_date"
"I love the piece	 however it came with two black stains on it. Hopefully I can get them out with bleach	review_date"
"I would so recommend this product to anyone. Comfortable	 makes me look good and feel even better	 I love it!	review_date"
"This is really good quality	 it's held up well in the months that I've had it. I kind of wish ti didn't have the giant bow on the front	 but I can cut that off.	review_date"
A little too sheer for me. Wish the top was a little less revealing but still ok for once in awhile
"Liked this very much	 soft and the lace is very soft.  It does however not give ANY support to your boobs.  So if you are anything above a B this does not support... If the cups on this were more like a chemse it would be much better.	review_date"
"This is very pretty in person. I am 5'3\ and weigh 160 lbs and ordered a large. It fits nicely	 especially because it is loose in the stomach area. I have a large bust and it is not very supportive at the top. It is a very thin material and I do not know how many rounds in the washer it will last.""	review_date"
"It is a bit long for my taste	 but he loves it so it's a keeper! It is pretty and well made.	review_date"
"A great price	 but the chest is a little too tight although the waist fits fine in a medium.  Other than the bust measurements	 the black lace is comfortable and a good deal.	review_date"
"Cute but was VERY disappointed it did not come with panties like shown in picture. Also	 it is NOT see through like shown in the picture.	review_date"
"It's a cute piece but it runs extremely big and the undies to it are not good quality	review_date"
"I love it the only problem I had was the underwear with it is way to big I'm a size 6 and bra size 36 d It think a large would do well to because it was a little snug but good still.	review_date"
"I bought this for a bride last minute when I couldn't find anything shopping. I was so surprised how soft the material is. The lace isn't scratchy at all! Color is a little more vibrant compared to the picture	 but still very pretty. It's see through with a matching pair of skimpy panties.	review_date"
"I'd order a bigger size at least one size up. I'm big chested..don't expect it to hold up the girls. I think it'd be more flattering with a smaller chest or maybe on someone who didn't breast feed children!In general it got the job done my husband enjoyed it.	review_date"
"I love Victoria's Secret lingerie	 but I don't love their price. I was impressed with the quality and look of this!	review_date"
"Worn once and the material fell apart in the wash and now it鈥檚 useless and we never used it till this year and I鈥檓 sure I can鈥檛 return it.	review_date"
"Order it by reading reviews of how it fit. Had to buy a couple sizes larger but fit great doing so	 and very sexy.	review_date"
"The shade of blue is deep and rich and the lace scattered throughout is sensational. It was received as if it were royalty.	review_date"
"Very nice for the price. Comfortable and soft and hides my mom belly nicely. Haha! I'll probably get more colors.	review_date"
"Material is cheap. Fell apart in the first wash. Never used it.	review_date"
"Loved it on my girlfriend	 couldn't keep my hands off	review_date"
"This is gorgeous on!!! Just enough see through spots!! I am a 18 and large top with a 40C cup bra... the 3 xl is very big in the breast area... I just had to tighten he straps all the way down and it fits like a glove!! He things are too small but they usually are from our traditional plus size things here in the US! But overall super sexy!!	review_date"
"Just what i was looking for. Im a 38F so finding lingerie that fits isnt easy. I went with a 3xl and everything fits where its supposed to.	review_date"
"I am 5'8 200 pounds. 40 DD breasts.I have a lot of lingerie. Until I got this the breast are never fit. The elastic is thick enough that it does keep the girls in. I am 49 they are not perky!  I bought 2 and will get a couple more colors. The product is one of the best I have seen. I got a 2x.	review_date"
"Very cute and a great price for the product. Would definitely buy again!	review_date"
"I like the way the babydoll design looks on me but the chest part did not fit like I wanted but to make up for that I put a sexy strapless bra underneath and it looks really nice that way!	review_date"
"Great material and coloring. It does run on the bigger size. I would recommend going a size smaller. -Brittany	review_date"
"Very nice feel	 it's not scratchy.  I am picky about mesh material	 and am happy with how this feels.  Looks cute on.  I normally wear an XL and got a 2XL.  It fits good	 and XL would have probably fit also	 but glad I sized up.	review_date"
"Cute but fairly cheap material. Runs very small. I ordered two sizes up from my normal lingerie size and it was still a little snug.	review_date"
"I ORDERED 2 SIZES LARGER AFTER READING PREVIOUS REVIEWS. IT FITS PERFECTLY	 I PLAN ON WEARING IT THIS WEEKEND FOR FOR MY PRE-VALENTINE GET AWAY.	review_date"
"I bought it a 5 cuz I鈥檓 usually a 3 the breast part is wayyyy to small \u0026 I鈥檓 only a C. Plus it鈥檚 definitely made for shorter women me being 6ft tall it just covers the Derri猫re but good quality otherwise and comes with thongs if you like them. Also came wayyy sooner than expected.	review_date"
"Would have liked it more if it pulled the cleavage together better. But for the price it's great. Very sexy.	review_date"
"I wish it were just a little shorter - other than that	 I really like it.	review_date"
"After tons of money spent at VS	 this actually did it. Really.	review_date"
"I'm small busted so happy to find one that doesn't have gaping baggy top	 but actually fits my breasts	review_date"
"Beautiful Electric Blue	 Sexy but I wish on plus size lingerie they would use a bit wider strap. Not sure how the spaghetti straps will hold up.	review_date"
"It's cute and sexy	 however if you have a larger cup size it won't fit you right unless you wear a bra with it. I still love it though!	review_date"
"bought this in several colors. Excellent night wear for quality and price.  Reordered right away. fits plus sizes well!!	review_date"
"I love this piece! It is very soft and cute. I really like the length of it too.	review_date"
"Cute	 flirty and comfortable. Nice material and the straps are adjustable which makes if fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Looks good. Fit according to the size chart listed. Not much to it	 simple and nice. looks just like the pictures	 which is always a concern.	review_date"
"I like the fit and feel of the fabric. I did not like the smell it had so I soaked and washed it and	 gratefully	 that took care of the odor.	review_date"
"Bought it as bridal shower gift. Material was SO soft! Bride loved it and a few of us in attendance are ordering some for ourselves.	review_date"
"My husband ordered this for me	 I ordered a size smaller than I normally wear because I know how lingerie can fit sometimes. It was still pretty loose and since I'm heavily pregnant it still gives me a comfortable amount of room to grow. It is incredible soft to the touch and it doesn't feel scratchy like most lingerie does with this type of material. Will definitely order again 馃挅	review_date"
"This item is very beautiful. The material is very soft and the color is stunning. It fits well also. I am 5'4\ and I wear a size 18 and I ordered a 2x.""	review_date"
"Got a 2x. Size 16	 38C	 210 lbs	 and 5'6\.Fits good. Not super tight so plenty of give to move around. "
"Like vibrant color and style.  Gstring panty flimsy.	review_date"
"Slightly bigger than expected.However	 fits decently.Order according to size chart.	review_date"
"Surprisingly flattering! I rarely trust online lingerie without being able to feel it in person- but this quality is very impressive! I have smaller boobs and this really enhances them	 and gives me an hour glass appearance! The baby blue is very pretty and it's very comfy!	review_date"
"The lace on this nighty was gorgeous. Just with there were some sort of fabric to prevent seeing the nipples through in boudoir pictures.	review_date"
"Really liked the color. Well made \u0026 good quality.	review_date"
"Cute by my wife' b -c cup won't really fit.we got a medium	 she wears a size 6	 is 5'2 and 125. They pop out when laying down. Good view	 but not comfortable  for her.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3\ \u0026 wear a 40 D. Top doesn't fit as well as I'd like though overall it does fit.""	review_date"
"Purchased a 3x	fits great other than top part. I'm 5'2\ 250 40F	 like it though!""	review_date"
"I am a size 24/26	 hourglass with a large stomach and breasts	 42DDD	 it fits	 doesn't cover much up top but is still slightly flowy around hips. Works great as a cheap piece of lingerie!	review_date"
"Great nighty for the price. Sexy but not slutty. Lol.	review_date"
"The thong was not a good fit and it appears to be more like a one size fits all -	review_date"
"this was so cute I bought it in 2 colors !!  I couldn't choose so just got them both !  at the price it was a win win for me !	review_date"
"This is a beautiful lingerie set.  Very nicely made with high quality.  Beautiful to wear.  I bought larger than my normal size due to comments and the fit is great.  Price is wonderful and economic.	review_date"
"Gorgeous	 colour is great too. It is longer than expected but I actually love it more this way. The lace is very pretty! I'm 5'3\	 106 lbs	 small chested	 got this in a small	 and it fits nicely everywhereeee.""	review_date"
"A large is very spacious but that's just how it's supposed to fit.  The teddy is not form fitting.  That said	 it's very pretty	review_date"
"I am 5'6 180lb and the 2xl is big on me. I ordered larger as suggested but I should have bought my normal size.	review_date"
"I got the pink one but it looks a bit stronger imo. Material and quality are perfect.	review_date"
"normally wear a 2x	 the 5X fits comfortably.  very soft	 husband loved it.  G-string is awful	review_date"
"Beautiful royal blue. Love it. Be mindful of the shape of your breasts. If you are teardrop or fuller on the bottom the cups fit a little odd	 not real sexy but gets the job done!	review_date"
"This is such a beautiful piece. Love the lace and the material. I do wish the lace part at the bust was a bit bigger	 bustier women will have a bit of trouble fitting in it. But I would definately buy it again!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 perfect. Fits well and it鈥檚 comfy. A lil small in the chest area but that makes it more sexy...I love it.	review_date"
ripped in the top area first time wearing (and was not that rough lol)
"Returned because it was too big.great color.	review_date"
"Disappointed	 does not fit s expected	 runs small. If anyone is ordering	 I recommend to order 2 sizes over your size needed. Example If you need a 2X order a 4X and hope to get the size you need.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 not a small girl	 but this fits great and is actually very flattering.	review_date"
"Soft material	 fits as expected. I ordered an xl and it was slightly big but was perfect regardless.	review_date"
"she like the feel just didnt fit right. she loved the color as well	review_date"
"Brilliant color as pictured	 soft	 generous lace and silk touches	 fits well	 flattering	 wow!	review_date"
"it fits nce and looks so pretty! the breasts seems a little too far apart	 but i have that problem with most lingerie.	review_date"
"I look just like a sexy baby doll.	review_date"
"Beautiful	good guality	 soft material	review_date"
"This is a very beautiful piece of lingerie and made me feel pretty	  even though plus size.	review_date"
"As soon as I put it on it fit beautifuly	 however just about a minute later the back of the left strap popped off! Just going to sew it back on because I do like it.	review_date"
"Fits well on plus size.	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks beautiful!!!	review_date"
"Fits fine. Just not the best style if you are busty.	review_date"
"I am 5'3\	 125lb	 VERY small chested. I bought a small and it fit perfectly! I washed it on gentle cold inside of a pillowcase and dried it on gentle and it came out fine. I highly recommend for the price.""	review_date"
"My husband loved it	 so you know馃槈	review_date"
"Order next sexie up	 it runs small.	review_date"
"Love this! Omg so cute and comfortable. \u003c3	review_date"
"I was just trying it on when the strap broke. I am fixing it on my own but just be aware.	review_date"
"I was expecting something much... well less. It's actually really well made	 it's not frayed on every part of the lace. The mesh is a actually stretchy rather then stiff. Well well worth the price.	review_date"
"Hubby loves!  Enough excess fabric for easy movement. Nice quality	 too! Shear with a bit more coverage due to the flow of fabric.Highly recommend for ladies with a fuller bottom half (hips	 behind and thighs ) .	review_date"
"My only complaint is the chest area	 it isn't the same as the picture	 and my tatas didn't fit.Besides that my Husband was very very pleased.Overall Very Sexy~	review_date"
"Fit a little big	 but you never know when you are ordering from overseas.  It's cute.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ and 165lbs. The large fits me perfectly.  It's very sexy on!  I appreciate having a little extra length than I've found in most babydolls. Though the lace allows a sexy peek inside having a little extra length hides the details (cellulite) of my thighs. Decent quality especially for the price! Would purchase again.""	review_date"
"We love this lingerie.  Blue color is great.  It makes my wife very very sexy.  We buy five with different color.  The price is good.Add rose color	review_date"
"Being a plus sized women I have to buy a size up depending on the brand and I bought this too big. But it was beautiful and my fianc茅 loved it. The material was soft and smooth. My only complain is that the thong was lopsided.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly and is very flattering. My new husband really appreciated it on our wedding night!	review_date"
"Thong is significantly smaller than expected but otherwise great	review_date"
"This is well made the fabric is so soft and comfortable... can fall asleep with it on!	review_date"
"Fit a little big but love it	review_date"
"great fit and love the color	review_date"
"Good product for the price	review_date"
"Very cute. Love the fit! Super sexy! Will be buying more in different colors!	review_date"
"I LOVE IT AND SO DID MY HUSBAND.  LOVE THE COLOR AND THE LACE	 VERY PRETTY	review_date"
"Returning	review_date"
"Beautiful	 fits great and great price!  I'm giving it four out of five stars only because it smelled like mothballs.  I ended up having to wash it twice before the smell went away.	review_date"
"Gorgeous	 sexy	 and reeeeeally nice quality!	review_date"
"I mean it鈥檚 cheap so you get what you pay for but it鈥檚 not bad! Went up a size just in case and it was a bit big	 just wish it was a little more flowy than form fitting.	review_date"
"To small	review_date"
"Beautiful	  but large in the bust.  I purchased a size down and it fits better.	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits good. I did order a size up from normal to make sure enough room in the chest	 therefore it is slightly longer than I would like and I am 5'10.	review_date"
"Good buy	review_date"
"Elegante	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Soft light	 sexy and my husband loved it.	review_date"
"everything was as expected but the g string why even send one  the g-string well just say it will not be used	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"It was ok	review_date"
"Fit well.	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"yes	review_date"
"Don't think you should go a size up because it will be way too big. Also if you have big girls like me don't buy it because they will fall out due to no support whatsoever to hold them in. Other than that it's very cute	review_date"
"Runs big but adorable	review_date"
"Nice and delicately sexy...my husband will enjoy. The watermelon color is just BEAUTIFUL...highly recommended.	review_date"
"This is cute but smaller in the breast area than I had thought. I am a 40 B and this had my girls popping out at every move	review_date"
"I'm 5\7 170 lbs	 with 34 FF breasts. I bought size Large in Watermelon Red. It fits perfectly (other than the fact that I spill out the top a little but	 less than I expected to though	 but I spill out of everything)	 and the color is exactly the same as shown in the picture. Even the thong fits perfect.""	review_date"
"Way more comfortable than I expected. The mesh isn't itchy at all	 its actually very soft. I sleep in it no problem.	review_date"
"Good quality.	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Just Beautiful!  Fits perfectly and is very flattering...sexy and pretty without being slutty.  Nice length with beautiful long floral lace at the bottom...loving it!	review_date"
"Pretty	 but not made for large busted women.	review_date"
"It looks great and the fit is perfect. The two i ordered both fit exactly the same.	review_date"
"Not bad	review_date"
"I really love this	 a bit shorter than i thought but the color and design was very pretty	review_date"
"Very cute and fits well. For the price it is def worth the buy.	review_date"
"I really liked this however I had to give it 2 stars cause it was broke . the color is very pretty it was big on me but i ordered it a little bigger just wish the strap wasnt broke	review_date"
"got this while I was pregnant and it hides everything you want hidden	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised with this!  The detailing is very cute and flattering!  Material is great!	review_date"
"I love it. It fits my chest perfectly and is good quality.	review_date"
"I love it. It fits just right. Made very well.	review_date"
"Too small and didn't even last a night before the strap broke never buying again!	review_date"
"Very soft and beautiful	review_date"
"I just recieved my order today and I have to say I am really impressed!! I'm really impressed with the quailty	 it exceeded my expectations. I purchased the 5x as I wear a 24/26	 I was really skeptical at first but it fits like a dream! I am so pleased that I will probably buy another one in a different color!!	review_date"
"For cheap lingerie this wasn't bad! I ordered an XL but it was a bit big and I normally where XL. I'm 5	2\ and 178 pounds. 36c breast size. I've washed it a few times and it has shrunk a little but not much. Definitely recommend if your looking for something at a lower price.""	review_date"
"soft flowing material and a delicate color. love it	review_date"
"Beautiful blue and very nice fit! Love the flow of the lace and softness! As for the thong undies.....nope lmao!	review_date"
"It's just as beautiful as the picture and so sexy. It fits really well.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured	 bright color	 soft material and quality stitching. Great price.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 at 180lbs. I read reviews and bought a large. Not any support for the girls	 but you could figure that out with it being lace. I should have gotten a medium because it is a little big on me. Not really comfortable though.	review_date"
"Very short not cut as advertised	review_date"
"Great product .	review_date"
"Got this for my \wife\"".  She loved it""	review_date"
"The fit is perfect and I was surprised how nicely it was made for the price. Its beautiful	 soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"good for the money.  I purchased a 5x for someone who wears an XL in american sizes... the 5x was a little roomy	 but I am glad I sized up so much!	review_date"
"Pretty item. I think I ordered it too big	 but I always err on the side of larger when purchasing online.	review_date"
"After reading reviews I ordered up a size and was glad I did. The cup on the top is a bit on the small side. If you are very busty	 I would skip. I am a 40D and wished the cup was bigger. But for the amount of time	 it will work.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"1st time it got washed it fell apart. needless to say it ended up in the trash.	review_date"
"Nice and comfortable but run big!	review_date"
"Did not like the material feel cheap and style is not what I thought it would be	review_date"
"I love the color and the fit was perfect.	review_date"
"She loved it! Looks and feels great!	review_date"
"The main piece fits a little big	 but is really pretty. The panties are very small. My backside is big	 so maybe it's not made for that? Not sure. I'll likely just wear the top with panties from elsewhere.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Perfect fit 馃憤馃従馃憤馃従 Will be ordering more	review_date"
"Would of preferred to be true to size chart or close to!! Had to go up two sizes.. sexy and innocent looking loved it馃槈馃榿	review_date"
"Love this. Fits perfectly and looks amazing. BF loves it too. 馃槈	review_date"
"Terrible quality	 Not durable. Did not fit properly. Will not buy again.	review_date"
"The fabric is wonderful not scratchy at all. Its very soft the thong is smaller than I'd prefer so I have to find a different one some where else. It's very cute and i can't wait to use it with my future husband. I am definitely ordering more for them.	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Wash on delicate cycle or by hand or on regular	 but placed inside a lingerie bag to keep it looking nice.	review_date"
"Must have! I would suggest buying this if you are looking for something sexy but also leaves something to the imagination. Love love it!	review_date"
"After washing	 the thread on the panty came apart. The string is no longer connected to the rest of the panty. I will have to sew it back on.	review_date"
"very cute	review_date"
"fast shippinggreat product	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"I bought this one because of the color!! I love the color. I had to get a size bigger because of my breasts. It fits perfect up top	 but a little bigger everywhere else.. Its ok because its a nighty. :) I love it though	 definitely a good buy!!	review_date"
"Very pretty good quality but the cups are too small ordered my correct size it fit well everywhere else but my DD鈥檚 did not fit in the cups	review_date"
"sexy fit  Thong is a silly thing that I put on my dogs head.  Lace is stiff	 But hey	 it won't be on long!	review_date"
"Very cute and comfy.. more flowy then the pic shows and runs a littlw big.	review_date"
"I bought for my Wife and wow this is Sexy.	review_date"
"Loved the top	 the bottoms kind of fell apart after a couple wears. Good price and soft material	 not itchy.	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"The most comfortable nighty ever!	review_date"
"Very cheap and poorly constructed.	review_date"
"Size was a little leather than expected but still fit okay. Nice item especially for the price! Arrived super fast!	review_date"
"I am normally a large in clothing but purchased an extra large just in case it ran small. That was my mistake. My boyfriend definitely loved this on me	 "
"This was great	 it fit as expected and looked better than I was expecting for the price.	review_date"
"Very flowy. I'm a size 18/20 pear shape and I believe I purchased the 4x in white. It covers all the lumps and bumps. However it is too modest. I believe I will use it more so as a night gown as it isn't as transparent as the picture depicts it but it is soft. It also smells very bad. Straight up like chemicals.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife. What can I say? I've seen better lingerie.	review_date"
"cute	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"This fit like i thought it would and it is very soft. My wife even slept in it it was that soft. The color was great and if it wears out id definatly get another one.	review_date"
"This nightie is exactly as advertised.  Looks beautiful and my man LOVED seeing me in it.	review_date"
"Nice material order a size up!! Comfy and sexy!	review_date"
"Material is cheap but you get what you pat for	review_date"
"Very happy with the appearance and quality.  I would by it again.	review_date"
"Gorgeous blue is as pictured. Beautiful fabrication. Flattering. Great quality.	review_date"
"Fit well and looked good	review_date"
"Very comfortable and touchable	 not much coverage in breast area (42 DD	  bought xxl). The lace is not the same shade of blue as the rest of garment.	review_date"
"Sexy bought for my wedding night	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Fits a little big but my husband loves it! Purpose fulfilled :)	review_date"
"Didn't really care for the fit.  Ended up returning it.	review_date"
"Very pretty and sexy. I'm a plus sized girl and this makes me feel so sexy (which I don't normally feel).	review_date"
"love it	 comfy	 soft	 perfect fit.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Was a bridal gift and she loved it.A different spin on \something blue\""馃槈Thanks again""	review_date"
"The Boob area was a little small for me Being im a 46g. My only problem was the thong that came with it felt very cheaply made.	review_date"
"Feels nice	 fits well (I'm 127 lbs 5'4 and got a small)	review_date"
"Beautiful	 sexy black see through nighty	 she loves it and so do I. Fits perfect	 a eReal turn on.	review_date"
"excellant	review_date"
"fits great	review_date"
"Very Cute. Bought Large 5' 3\ tall 140 lbs.""	review_date"
"My wife looked beautiful in this!	review_date"
"This is the third one I have bought for my wife. She loves it and looks just as amazing as she does in a $100 Victoria Secret one. She said it's very comfortable as well	review_date"
"It fit well and the color was beautiful	review_date"
"Nice and bright but cheaply made.	review_date"
"Super cute! No complaints here!!	review_date"
"I would say it is made cheaply but did not purchase to wear on a regular basis.Would not recommend purchasing again.	review_date"
"Its what you'd expect	 cheap but sexy. I'm a 40H and the cups were waaaaaay too small. But one certainly doesn't wear this for support!!	review_date"
"She loves it.	review_date"
"Partner loved it! True to size and great quality!	review_date"
"I went by what the reviews said and ordered larger (2 sizes larger). I think it would have been best to order my normal size as the nightie was very big. However	 that was my own doing and isn't reflected in my review. The nightie itself is very soft and lovely. Got my hubby's stamp of approval too.	review_date"
"Great Quality!  Love the color	 fits great	review_date"
"Great looking lingerie.	review_date"
"Love it.  Great material	  great color.  Would definitely buy it again	review_date"
"Great product	 great quality	review_date"
"Love the color and very comfortable.	review_date"
"Not bad at all!	review_date"
"Cute! Cute!Ordered the blue. Absolutely love the color	review_date"
"I鈥檓 glad I bought this item just to experience what amazon lingerie is like. For the price	 it鈥檚 perfect for every day wear	review_date"
"Better than I expected. Loved it so much I bought a few in other colors.	review_date"
"fit great and BF loves it on me	review_date"
"Fits all the spots perfectly	review_date"
"I can't believe this was $13. It looks	 fits and feels great. This is a MUST BUY.	review_date"
"Strap came off before I even put it on	review_date"
"nice for the price.IT fits but wish I had gotten larger size because of  bust size a little to small.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 an eye popper	 love how it looks on. Super sexy.	review_date"
"LOVE IT!!! PERFECT! SEXY!!	review_date"
"Really cheap looking fabric and style. Not quite as pictured.	review_date"
"Very pretty dress for someone with a disproportionately large chest. I'm bra size 34 B and got a size small. Despite the adjustments I made to the strap	 I still found the cups to be far too large for me.The straps are asymmetrical	 different lengths. Fortunately I can adjust them to be equal	 but it bothers me.It's poorly made. When I took it out of the bag	 strings were already coming out of all the hems. I expect it to fall apart if I wear it a few more times.	review_date"
"God	review_date"
"Thank You	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Lovely fabric.	review_date"
"it's not as sexy and it looks real cheap	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"somewhat small but still fits	review_date"
"Very pretty and vibrant red. Bust is a little smaller than anticipated.	review_date"
"Very sexy my boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"Cute.	review_date"
"It's soft	 true to color and my boyfriend really likes it	review_date"
"It is very nice	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and it very comfortable. It was delivered in correct amount of time.	review_date"
"Fit my body	 held up my tube socks and covered my body increasing my self confidence.馃槈	review_date"
"very nice slip dress! I wish there was more support in the bust area but other than that great item!	review_date"
"I purchased an XL and the product was true to size. I am normally a size 16 and I'm curvy. This accentuated my curves and fit flowy and comfortable. The only reason for lack of a star is the fact that it was slightly snug on my breasts	 so I can see this being problematic for ladies over a C cup.	review_date"
"Poor quality way to small even though I bought 2 sizes too big. Ripped first wearing.	review_date"
"Very Beautiful.	review_date"
"Bought a size bigger then I usually wear	 fits great	 very sexy.	review_date"
"Fits nicely. I was pregnant when I ordered this and the cut still fit me. It's loose and flowing.	review_date"
"I was impressed by this.  I wasn't expecting it to be more than just a cover up. It actually fits well and looks nice.  I just endedicated up ordering one in another color.	review_date"
"Love it. Its very comfortable and soft.	review_date"
"Love it. That's his favorite color wink wink	review_date"
"Cute and good quality	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"I don't like it. I ordered my size but it is still too small.	review_date"
"GF looks super sexy in this	 love it.	review_date"
"Its cute but i was looking for something soft enough to sleep in. It wasnt for me.	review_date"
"The quality was better than I expected !	review_date"
"Love the look and the price.  Only wish the top area ran bigger.	review_date"
"Most lingerie tears apart on first go around. This has lasted 3 tries and going for more. Thank you!	review_date"
"5 stars because it would be awesome	 if my son would get off the video games and go outside lol	review_date"
"Very pretty love the way it feels but not made well. The panties are not well made either has a hole in the netting material. The nightie itself had pulls and Strings from the seam hanging and a small hole also.  Loved the look of it but so dissapointed in it.	review_date"
"Item as described	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"Great color.  Feels and is a comfortable fit.  Thank you.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 I have 2 of these and love them	review_date"
"sizing is no where near stated. very scratchy and uncomfortable - took off after ten minutes. waste-  do not believe sizing.	review_date"
"this babydoll nightie fits and looks stunning!  I ordered it 2 sizes too big and it fits amazing.	review_date"
"it smelled really bad out of the package 	 but its pretty	review_date"
"I LOVE this. Especially for the price! I didn't expect the material to be so soft and comfortable. It's super flattering too	review_date"
"Not bad for the price	 the o ring on the strap did break first time putting it on but nothing superglue couldn't fix.	review_date"
"feels nice on the skin but when tried on could've had a smaller size	review_date"
"Every bit as pretty as in the pic. The material is now high quality but for the price it is durable enough and not itchy. I will say the undies it comes with are pretty much pointless.	review_date"
"Very nice and pretty. Wife loves it and says it is very comfortable.	review_date"
"Nicely made especially for the price.  True to color	review_date"
"Not exactly like the picture and not as long but still pretty nice	review_date"
"Does not allow for a larger chest.  Looks ridiculous	review_date"
"Very nice and very true to size!!  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh 190 - the 2XL fit perfectly!!!!  Nice quality fabric!!!	review_date"
"Decent for the price but it ran a little small.	review_date"
"It is beautiful and looks so sexy	review_date"
"Good fit	review_date"
"It fits a bit weird on me in the chest region	 had to return	review_date"
"Runs big	review_date"
"Fit very well. Very comfortable. Would purchase again.	review_date"
"for the wife	 but really for me	 nice to look at and	review_date"
"Bigger than I wanted but sexy still. Much longer than expected too	review_date"
"Color is gorgeous. Sexy but without being slutty.	review_date"
"Very pretty. I am just a little to big on top. I well alter it to make it fit (no biggy). Very nicely made. My husband smiled.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"My wife looks great in it and she says it is comfortable.	review_date"
"The sizing was on the small side but the company made the return super easy!	review_date"
"Nice	 fits just right....no underwire so doesn't look as the model...but price is good.	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\ and about 280 lbs. I took the advice of the seller and bought a size 4X even though I usually wear a XXL or 22W. It fits very well	 maybe very slightly loose	 and it's beautiful!""	review_date"
"This had a weird shape to it	 and felt crooked when I put it on	 so it went back.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Comfortable and very flattering to my body	review_date"
"OK.  Cheaply made.  Poor material	 but was inexpensive.	review_date"
"very comfortable	review_date"
Fit a little tight on my girlfriend
"Came with a hole. Don't expect the quality item. You get what you pay for. But pretty.	review_date"
"sexy but comfortable	review_date"
"Looks great.	review_date"
"Bought this for my honeymoon and was pleased with the quality for this price. Would order again.	review_date"
"Great! Loved it!	review_date"
"Love the blue color is excellent. Very nice	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"I love it and it鈥檚 very well made.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 figure flattering	 comfortable	 pretty color	 great value.  Husband loves it.	review_date"
"I have no complaints. It fits good and looks like the picture	review_date"
"Love this and I felt beautiful in it	review_date"
"Pretty and comfortable. I tried it on and one of the straps broke. Disappointing to have to sew a brand new set.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Wife like it	review_date"
"Absolutely adorable	 but not fantastic in the chest area. Bit small	 and no support	review_date"
"I bought this as a surprise for my boyfriend and I love it. I am 5'7\	 38D	 and weight around 240lbs and i got thr 2xl based off the provided chart and it fits great.""	review_date"
"Very pretty	 made well	 beautiful color...	review_date"
"Very sexy and silky. My bf loves it	review_date"
"FANTASTIC ITEM~! BEAUTIFUL	 SEXY	 NICE FIT~!	review_date"
"My husband loves this.  Gave me more variety.  Will order again.	review_date"
"I Like	review_date"
"Fit was perfect. I loved it and my boyfriend did too! It's super soft and surprisingly comfortable!	review_date"
"This was perfect! My husband was so excited when I wore it for him!	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great! Would buy again.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Smells plasticy and you can tell they're bad quality. Kind of cute	 so I will still wear it but I definitely will gravitate to the other things I own over this one.	review_date"
"This was way cuter than I thought it would be	 and the price was amazing. It fit me true to size.	review_date"
"Cute but had a hole in the left breast area	review_date"
"Very soft	 stretchy and pretty fabric	 fit true to size	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable according to girlfriend.	review_date"
"Bottoms were huge	 rest fit well	review_date"
"Lots of fun and the lace parts are soft to the touch  - just like the underneath parts!  Love it	review_date"
"Beautiful and soft.  Wish I could've purchased a matching robe..	review_date"
"I ordered a few sizes bigger normally would have ordered XL but have ordered Chinese sized clothes before and they were way small so I ordered 2xl and it is roomy but fits well.  And I'm quite happy with it	review_date"
"Sexy and works well for big boobs.	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable and fit as expected	review_date"
"Very nice! Boyfriend approved. Will buy more colors.	review_date"
"Looks good	 just fits smaller than expected	review_date"
"as expected	review_date"
"The color my wife mentioned she would like to have yellow lingerie set I was strolling though the Amazon app and there it was	 had to get it and it is a perfect fit.	review_date"
"beautiful quality for the money!	review_date"
"I like this but I don't love this.  It is ok.  It is comfortable though!	review_date"
"Very flattering	 even with large breasts	review_date"
"sexy shade	review_date"
"Love the material and length. It fits so well will be ordering more!!	review_date"
"You get what you pay for	 it's that silky kind of costume-y fabric. Had to cut a couple loose strings when I got it. But I don't really think anyone who sees a person in this is really going to pay attention to that minutia.	review_date"
"VERY NICE	review_date"
"it was cute. everything fit great until it got to my breasts. True to size unless youre like me and you have larger than average breasts...my significant other didn't seem to mind it though lol	review_date"
"wife likes it	review_date"
"It fit really good it鈥檚 really pretty	review_date"
"So sexy	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Awesome purchase	 would buy again.	review_date"
"was a little big	 but that's ok I would rather have it that way!this is a  great product!!	review_date"
"Very pleased! I ordered a 1X and was happy when I tried it on	 sometimes I have to get a 2XL. It looks just like the picture.	review_date"
"Small in chest area otherwise great. He even thought it was cute and the panties were a waste.	review_date"
"Just came today and one strap was already broken	 and the tab was also	review_date"
"Good quality for the price	review_date"
"Typical lingerie	 not much else to say	review_date"
"DIDNT RECEIVE THE BOTTOM 1/2 / NOT HAPPY	review_date"
"Very pretty	 very sexy! Fits great	 feels great! Hubbie happy. I am plus size and feel beautiful in this set!	review_date"
"Nice to see my wife in.	review_date"
"Perfect. On time and it was very sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Very sexy and appealing...Great for the occasion in mind.	review_date"
"Excellent price. Beautiful color! Actually fits a D cup well. Husband lives it.	review_date"
"Ordered  per suggestive size and top fits great bottoms are huge	review_date"
"Lovely!	review_date"
"The lace easily tears by breast and mine was a little too big so it didn't not stretch and tear	 plus to get a refund I have to package it and take it to ups to ship it back!!!!!	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Cups could have a bit more support if straps would adjust a bit more	 but for lace	 it keeps the girls in.	review_date"
"Very comfortable!One complaint	 the thong that comes with it is very cheap and runs a little small. So I recommend buying or wearing a different pair with it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy Lingerie at a great price	 My wife loves it.	review_date"
"I buy my wife a lot of lingerie on amazon. This is a favorite of mine.	review_date"
"Really cute except that my boobs kept popping out. I'm a 36C and they would stay in for about 1 min before they came out	 so it's not really the lingerie you can wear around the house (just in the bed) Other than that great. Really comfortable material	 just as described.	review_date"
"Fit great! Very happy with it	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Lobe this i use 3xl but 5xl worked for me perfect	review_date"
"you can鈥檛 adjust the top so for small chested women like myself	 this isn鈥檛 a good purchase.	review_date"
"Love it!! It is made with very sheer fabric.	review_date"
"The price is right. I like it. Read the reviews about sized before you order	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"LOVE IT!! Looks amazing on and the color is so beautiful!!!	review_date"
"I am 3x size so from previous disappointments I ordered 2 sizes up. But it worked I could have went down a size .very cute and comfortable I would buy from this seller again	review_date"
"Fit a little large	 found the style somewhat strange in real life.	review_date"
"Fit well	review_date"
"Love the yellowNot the little under kind of thingPeople that need my size can鈥檛 use themOther then that love it	review_date"
"Honeymoon Sexy!	review_date"
"Hubby likes it!  And I do	 too...the material is soft and comfortable to wear.  The fabrics are stretchy and the design is adjustable to fit a wide range of shapes and sizes.  Good find!	review_date"
"Cute nightgown	 but definitely not for someone with large breasts	review_date"
"beautiful couldn't be more satisfied with fit and sexy feel and look	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a lot skimpier than it looks in the photo. Basically see through	review_date"
"I am 170 lbs. 38D bra size and the large fits me perfectly! The underwear is a bit snug but I don't care much about that.	review_date"
"Sizing was wonky.  Going to return.	review_date"
"I really like how this baby-doll lingerie fits! The material is really soft and comfortable. I highly recommend.  My fiance LOVED it! I'll be buying other colors!	review_date"
"Wow.  I either have a very pretty wife or just good taste in lingerie. Either way	 buy this!	review_date"
"Husband likes it :D I like it too wink wink	review_date"
"This lingerie is nice	 but it didn't fit properly.  It was somewhat large.	review_date"
"Even if it is a little snug	 it's very pretty and i love the color. It's a bit longer than I expected	 but still sexy	 and it's made well.	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"It fit perfectly	 the only problem was that the underwear that came with it was too big.	review_date"
"as shown	 just okay	review_date"
"It looked great on my wife	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 I love it	review_date"
"Ty	review_date"
"Received it with a broken strap and holes in the lace. Very cheaply made. Do not buy.	review_date"
"Pretty and soft material but cheaply made and smelled so horrible when it got here I had to wash it 3 times.  A very strong gasoline smell that immediately gave me a headache just opening the bag.	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy.	review_date"
"But is nice! I've also ordered a Red color	 but one size larger.	review_date"
"Fits just as the sizing chart lists.	review_date"
"its nice. fits my wife well.	review_date"
"did not stay on long	review_date"
"Very sexy and stunning. Fits true to size. You won't regret purchasing this item.	review_date"
"Its nice. Had a very very weird smell when it arrived tho so I washed it.	review_date"
"Great value GF love it	review_date"
"I love the way it fits. My husband loved it on me.	review_date"
"Everything was perfect! I don't like to do online shopping but was so pleased with my first two items from Amazon I had to purchase more stuff. Delivery was speedy and products were as expected!	review_date"
"My husband loved this!  Great Valentine's Day surprise for him!!	review_date"
"Soft lace great product	review_date"
"A very beautiful	 and yet comfortable lingerie. Very sexy	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I thought the baby doll was very sexy n royal blue color	 beautiful. Can't wait to wear it n show my fiancee. Only gave 4 stars due to the fit	 nice if it had built in bra so us women with larger cup size"
"gave to my sister.	review_date"
"It was a little too large. Would return but it is used.	review_date"
"Perfect fit love it thanks	review_date"
"beautiful i'm a size 2x in shirts. I bought a 4x and it fits perfect really soft and sexy..my man liked it :)	review_date"
"It's alright. Not great but it is comfy	 not scratchy.	review_date"
"A lil big..but so pretty and i love the color!!	review_date"
"Beautiful exactly what i wanted	review_date"
"Very hot!!!! My husband loves it. Haha	review_date"
"Mmmmmmmmmm wife looks amazing in this	review_date"
"It makes for a fun bed time	review_date"
"Comfy cute no complaints looks good on	review_date"
"Absolutely love love love I just ordered 5 more in different colors. Fits perfect	 had to tighten the straps other than that I love and cant wait to wear it.	review_date"
"Looked gorgeous on my wife. Thanks	review_date"
"I bought a size bigger than I thought I'd need just because I never have good luck buying things online. If I would have bought the size I thought I needed it would have fit fine. I kinda like the look of this being a little bigger on me.	review_date"
"I wish it was made better.	review_date"
"My favorite piece. Just gorgeous and best of all comfortable.	review_date"
"So sexy!	review_date"
"Super comfortable. Bought a size up and fits great.  I have larger chest and it fits fine	review_date"
"Did not look as pictured	review_date"
"Sexy and pretty.  Would order other colors.	review_date"
"Super sexy and cute. It fit perfect and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Not good quality.	review_date"
"Absolutely lovely! Fits perfect thank you馃槂!	review_date"
"It's made in Chinese sizes so buy bigger!	review_date"
"Loved it and so did my husband :)	review_date"
"I Need a Xl and had ordered a large!So Pretty\u0026Sexy!!!!	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 I'm 5 7 long legs	 b cup 135lbs. Very pretty	 great value for the price which was incredibly inexpensive.I love that it was long enough to cover my butt.I will be ordering more pieces from this manufacturer with confidence!!	review_date"
"Comftable / sexy	review_date"
"It's nice to finally be able to find something that is of good quality and price for a large woman.  My husband loved it as did I.  Thank You.	review_date"
"Fits great and looks sexy!	review_date"
"Nice color (blue) and cute.  Not too short or see through:)	review_date"
"The underwear were a bit small but it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Very pretty and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great and very comfortable. No support though.	review_date"
"Just luv it and so does my boyfriend!	review_date"
"The breast area was small	review_date"
"never fits me correctly	review_date"
"Love the item. great sell	review_date"
"This item was true to size and a beautiful color. I bought this as a bridal shower gift and will purchase myself one as well.	review_date"
"Got this for my girlfriend for Christmas	 she loves it and so do I!	review_date"
"These are my favorite.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Money waste	review_date"
"Most of this fits	 however for a 4xl product it has a cup size of about a size A or B at best.  I loved this product	 but it looks funny having size G cup size	review_date"
"Really good material \u0026 soft!Only thing is I ordered Watermelon red \u0026 it looks like hot pink in person.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece of lingerie.  Great price.  Great quality.  A definite keeper!	review_date"
"True to size.  Straps are adjustable. Beautiful fabric	 very elegant and sexy. Thong  was very big. I just bought another pair to match.	review_date"
"Very beautiful and so soft to sleep in	review_date"
"Fit  as expected looks great and I got it super fast!	review_date"
"Fits great! Material is super soft!	review_date"
"It's cute and great for the price	 but does run large.	review_date"
"Its comfy and cute and fits as expected too.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Fits and looks great	review_date"
"Came fast	 was cheap	 looks REALLY good. Low-quality material but can't complain for cost. Got this as a present for my girlfriend	 I recommend ya'll do the same.	review_date"
"She loves it	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Wish the coverage for bust was better.	review_date"
"Fits great.  Much better quality than I expected.  Love the color.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Boyfriend approved	review_date"
"My wife looks great in this.	review_date"
"tight and it is more of a pink than rose	review_date"
"it's okay. not for regular use	 kinda cheap	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Fell apart junk	review_date"
"It fits weird but it did it's purpose underwear way way to small	review_date"
"The fitting was perfect n it looks so nice n sheek. I couldn't believe the price. Product looks exactly like the photo	review_date"
"Not bad for the price	review_date"
"Pretty	 but very uncomfortable...I waited too long to return it so gave it away.	review_date"
"looks beautiful and feels so soft	 great quality	review_date"
"Two Thumbs Up~	review_date"
"I thought it was thinner material than the picture showed.  Although my husband liked it so I will not send it back.	review_date"
"item as described	review_date"
"Love it!! I usually wear a medium- large depending on material/ clothing. I ordered a large in this just to be safe and it was a perfect fit. I ordered the dark blue and the color was very true to what you see online. I would highly recommend this product. Very flattering	review_date"
"Beautiful color just what I was looking for thanks.	review_date"
"Very flattering	review_date"
"No complaints love it.	review_date"
"This was just as expected. Very pleased with the product.	review_date"
"Loved the color!!	review_date"
"top is nice	 and underwire might do it good and the thong was too small but it does the job :)	review_date"
"Super sexy!! Great material too. Fits perfect. I'm 5'2 and 116z	review_date"
"cheap made	review_date"
"Good quality and very nice fit. My gf loved it as an early valentines present. Great value.	review_date"
"Size was good. Quality was passable. Zero support in the bust area. It's just lace there	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"My favorite piece of lingerie	 everything from the fabric to the way it fits is perfect.	review_date"
"Love it and it is sexy	review_date"
"Comfortable fit.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy outfit. I ordered 3 sizes up. It is a little long	 but the fit is good. It looks good and feels great to have on.	review_date"
"love it.	review_date"
"Soft \u0026 Pretty	review_date"
"Perfect fit.  Significant other loved it.	review_date"
"Exquisite 	 more classy and beautiful than expected	review_date"
"Great for the price and i was not expecting it to be as soft as it is	review_date"
"Absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it perfect	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 well made	review_date"
"Oh my girl she look great in it.	review_date"
"PInk	review_date"
"Wonderful \u0026 so soft. I did order according to size chart not my size. Fits well nicely made .	review_date"
"THE PANTIES(G-STRING) ARE SMALL	 HOWEVER THE BABYDOLL IS PERFECT. THE MATERIAL IS SOFT AND FLOWS. I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANYONE WHO WANTS TO LOOK SEXY AND COMFORTABLE AT THE SAME TIME	review_date"
"Made well	 nice material. Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Bought this for my cousin''s bridal shower. She turned a beautiful shade of embarrassed. But later	 aside	 she asked me where I got it!	review_date"
"this is great quality for the price! Fits great too!	review_date"
"It was a bit long. Could loose 8-12 inches in length.	review_date"
"Looks good on my wife	review_date"
"GOOD SEXY NIGHT WEAR.	review_date"
"Was just what I expected. Love it	review_date"
"Mmm sexy..	review_date"
"Runs on the larger side	 but great for the price!!	review_date"
"Very good quality.  I was surprised.  Very comfortable.  Washed nicely.  I am 5'4 155 lbs and ordered medium.  Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"I got a medium and I am 5' 8\ with size 34D. This product it exactly what I was looking for and it fit perfectly! My boyfriend loved it! Highly recommend!!!""	review_date"
"This is my absolute favorite. The material is so soft and elegant and it fit like a charm. The boob area is a bit small for me but I'm a 42 DDD so it's kind of hard to find stuff that fits :P	review_date"
"boner city sexy	review_date"
"Loved it and the size really is accurate	review_date"
"Beautiful color and a very nice material	 soft and silky to the touch and a wonderful view for the eyes.  So glad I ordered it!	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Very pretty	 good quality for the money spent. Nice and flowy	 boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Great sizing	 very comfy and my husband reallly liked it!	review_date"
"Absolutely love the item	 I ordered a small and I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 125lbs. I have a smaller build but slightly broader shoulders	 it fit pretty well. It鈥檚 extremely comfortable too.	review_date"
"As a voluptuous woman	 it is often difficult to find lingerie that doesn't look like elastic bands on me. This is pretty AND comfortable.	review_date"
"Very cheap.	review_date"
"A+	review_date"
"super sexy and fits as expected	review_date"
"Very nice	I got white one! Husband likes it!	review_date"
"I like she looks	review_date"
"Great vivid color. Fits light	review_date"
"This piece fit very nicely! I'm a curvy woman and it fit just as I wanted it to. Not too small/tight	 not too big/loose. My fianc茅 loves it as well! Not to mention the price is sooo good! Such a steal! Will purchase in another color and give another updated review.	review_date"
"Well made and higher quality than most.  Super sexy.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy!	review_date"
"totally worth it!	review_date"
"Amazing fit on my wife. I was perfect!	review_date"
"My wife loves it	 and so do I.	review_date"
"There was a big hole in the back	 cheeply made sewing. I do not recommend. It looks great but when I saw the hole I was disappointed.	review_date"
"Did not like the fit or feel	 this product was returned. Looked so much better in the picture .	review_date"
"Adorable!	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Top is really small. Bottom is fine.	review_date"
"Style shown was not what I received	 although I like this one it was not the one I chose	review_date"
"I purchased this for my sisters honeymoon \u0026 she thought it was gorgeous! I'm certain her husband did too	 but I'm not going to ask him!!	review_date"
"Love the color! It's very flattering and for a great price.	review_date"
"Itchy around boobs	review_date"
"Very pretty and fit well. Was very pleased	review_date"
"It came exactly the way it appeared. I choose the royal blue colour and it was perfect on me. My fiancee loved it and I was delivered at the appointed time.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and true to size.	review_date"
"The fabric is thicker than expected but that can be worked around. I ordered a 3XL and this was nowhere near 3XL size in the bust.	review_date"
"Nice.	review_date"
"Really pretty. Husband-approved.	review_date"
"I am 5'8\ and 128lbs	 36C and the Medium fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"Thank You!!!	review_date"
"Cute good quality	review_date"
"I wear between a size 14 and 16 so I ordered the extra large. It's a bit snug around my top	 but the bottom is beautiful. Doesn't do anything flattering for my breasts	 though. Kind of holds them apart and down-ish.	review_date"
"Fits a little loose.	review_date"
"LOVELY	review_date"
"This fit true to size! I wear 3X and Ordered a 3X.  Very comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfortable	review_date"
"It's a little bit too big but it is beautiful and sexy and I am sure my sweetheart will love it	review_date"
"So soft!. Fit as expected.	review_date"
"run small	review_date"
"Curvy girls rejoice!  馃檶馃檶馃檶	review_date"
"a little small	review_date"
"Great fit! And it鈥檚 wayy cuter in person!	review_date"
"my wife love it.	review_date"
"Looks great.  Just as described.	review_date"
"great item!	review_date"
"Ordered a size up and still ver small.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"I ordered a xlg n it was way to big!  This one fits well	 I'm wearing a xlg so wassurprised the first one didn't fit:-(	review_date"
"Super cute!!	review_date"
"VERY PRETTY	review_date"
"My fiance loved it!	review_date"
"Fits good and it's cute.	review_date"
"Fit was just as expected - husband loved it.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Soft and pretty. Great value!	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"I thought it was going to be too small but it was a perfect fit. I really liked the blue color.  Great for the price.	review_date"
"Super pretty. Feels like a dream. I'll be buying more	review_date"
"Very niceFits goodHubby likes it	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Beautiful bright blue	 fast shipping. Good material - simply beautiful! 馃挋	review_date"
"This was amazing! I loved how vibrant the color was on this set. My wife killed this photo shoot!	review_date"
"Soft	 pretty and fits perfect	review_date"
"It's a little big in the boobs but I love it it's comfortable and it still looks great	review_date"
"whoopi	review_date"
"Really beautiful gown	 great material and really great fit	review_date"
"Fits well and looks great	review_date"
"Way to big	review_date"
"I love the product! It's so comfortable to wear and I felt sexy in it!! I'm on the smaller side so the boobs were a little big on me but everything else fit me perfectly	review_date"
"I love it. It's sexy and confortable.	review_date"
"Looks very sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Very nice sexy outfit...	review_date"
"My husband is very happy with this! Fits well and very sexy!	review_date"
"Loved it. Strap broke the 1st time I wore it :/ crummy quality.	review_date"
"very cute i loved it and so did my wife fits just right to size	review_date"
"I tried it on and I want to return it but am not sure how. I would never wear this it is awful. It is very cheaply made and the top just hangs there.	review_date"
"Super cute! I wore it for My husband in his favorite color 馃挍	review_date"
"Love it! Fit as expected and is made good	review_date"
"Purchased this to surprise my husband for his birthday and he LOVED it! Great purchase and for the price it is an awesome deal!!!	review_date"
"really nice. Comfortable.	review_date"
"Fit everywhere except in the boob section it was extremely small there and there was a ton of spillage although i doubt that'd be a huge issue still love it quick delivery and discreet packaging. Two thumbs up	review_date"
"HE LOVES IT!!!! Enough said	review_date"
"It was very nice in color just small in bust size	review_date"
"Better than most lingerie purchased online especially for the price. It's a good buy.	review_date"
"This is by far my favorite baby doll! The fit is perfect for someone with small breasts like me but the adjustable straps give it plenty of room for larger ones too. The combination of lace and solid material is perfect and makes it just a little longer than most of mine. The solid material is a nicer weight than some of the cheaper ones and the lace is wonderfully sheer. The g string is also not nearly as small as some of my other ones so you can wear it comfortably to complete that sexy look you are trying to achieve. Of course it is small and coverage is minimal so I would recommend keeping your pubic hair trimmed / shaped or completely smooth like I do for the best look. Overall quality is above average and well worth the price. You won't be disappointed!Update - I love it so much I bought another one in another color! I got the rose red for Christmas eve. Color is not quite as red as I would have liked	 more on the dark pink side but with something so pretty and looking so sexy I'm sure I can make it work. If you've already done the naughty Santa costume I would recommend this. It is so much more comfortable than a cheap costume	 fits better and looks so much sexier whoever you are wearing it for will love it - even if its just for yourself! :)	review_date"
"Beautiful and nice quality for the price.	review_date"
"So cheaply made. It's soft and pretty	 but so so cheap.	review_date"
"Nice see thru top but bottoms don't fit.	review_date"
"I ordered this and It was obvious when I opened the package that it was small. Tried it on and to my disappointment	 it didn't fit	 looked at the tag and it is an XS	 I ordered an XL.	review_date"
"I usually wear size 24 this fit perfect	review_date"
"These items where very good fitting and I love them	review_date"
"It was a little big	review_date"
"We like it!	review_date"
"Comfy	review_date"
"Really good quality for the price! Pleasantly surprised. Follow their sizing guidelines!	review_date"
"Looked great but the strap broke after washing it.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Item as described!	review_date"
"Comfortable and pretty.	review_date"
"this is precious and perfect!	review_date"
"Very nice!  Exceeded my expectations!	review_date"
"Fits and looks great!	review_date"
"5' 5\	 120lbs	 34C chest - Medium fit perfectly. Color was really nice!""	review_date"
"Fast shipping. Fit as expected. Excellent.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Hubba Hubba	review_date"
"I Love It!	review_date"
"It fits nice however the breast fabric should offer more coverage I'm not that large in the boob area and I still found it hard to keep them in the night gown so mayb not have them so small and not as far apart	review_date"
"He loves it !!	review_date"
"The fit was perfect.	review_date"
"It came on time and I love it...its such a beautiful night gown...ready to wear tonight....	review_date"
"Lovely	review_date"
"me and the honey love it	review_date"
"Love it. Panties are barely there and probably will not be worn. Very pretty	 soft and feels like good quality.	review_date"
"Love the fit and its very sexy!	review_date"
"BEAUTIFUL!馃槏VERY TRUE TO COLOR AN SIZE AS WELL! love the lace am soft material! An it come with a thong as well ladies馃槏馃槝	review_date"
"Fabric isn't terrible for the price but the fit was bad.  Much much shorter and wider than it looks in the picture	review_date"
"馃槏馃槏馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
":)	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"was a little large	review_date"
"This is so perfect! I am a size 14 and wanted something cute and sexy yet flattering. This is it! The longer length and perfect fit are very flattering. Very sexy! Just love it! It is comfortable too. Amazing	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"Love it! It fits prefect!	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"I ordered this as a gift for my niece's bridal shower. This nighty was so much better than I could have hoped for. Extremely soft material and well made. I am very satisfied with this purchase.	review_date"
"fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very itchy fabric	review_date"
"Very compfy and super soft.	review_date"
"Very soft and loved the fit	review_date"
"Wife loves it great for the price	review_date"
"Gorgeous!!!	review_date"
"Really like it	review_date"
"Really nice for the price	 I'm 160 5	 6\ and got a medium. It was a little loose in my waist but overall not an issue and satisfied""	review_date"
"It was great...!!! She loves it \u0026 I love even it more...!!!	review_date"
"bought this for my wife and it was huge and not very flattering. We returned it.	review_date"
"I didnt try it own but the color is wrong I ordered black to match a sex of stockings. The package was skyblue!!	review_date"
"Would love to have the sash for this item... love the kimono	review_date"
"I washed item in delicate cycle and it tore really disappointed	review_date"
"Doesn't look like pic and it's very cheap quality	review_date"
"Sexy.	review_date"
"I am a size 12-14...38D..I ordered an XL as suggested.  Although there is no support in the breast I really like the fit!  Very soft and pretty!  Great Bargain and decent quality for the price!	review_date"
"Very pretty just a lil long on me.	review_date"
"Myself and hubby loved it...very cute and sexy!	review_date"
"Like the length	review_date"
"Sexy and hot!	review_date"
"I expected this to be a bit itchy... it's not at all. Looks good and feels great!	review_date"
"Cute and sexy	review_date"
"Prettier in person! My husband loves it!	review_date"
"Love  it	review_date"
"I had a ball that night!	review_date"
"Nice fit	 I鈥檓 a plus size woman with a smaller chest size and it was pretty tight from the top where it didn鈥檛 cover everything.. my husband loved this on our honeymoon	review_date"
"Good quality. Blue is very vibrant.	review_date"
"Runs large but very sexy and decent quality for the price.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Purchased one size up because I have a large bust. It fit perfect and is really pretty!	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Material is soft and doesn't irritate my skin.	review_date"
"It's better than expected. I never get anything that fits but this is perfect.	review_date"
"Like the way it fits.	review_date"
"Pretty nightie. Fits as expected.	review_date"
"4 stars only because it was a little smaller than I hoped.. I'm about 5'7 and a 34C	 and I would have gone with a Large instead of a Medium	 simply because it was too small for my boobs. Otherwise it is good quality and very comfy!	review_date"
"It looks just like the picture. Fits true to size	  I love it.  And it's comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"But she likes the fit for a comfortableness. She's o so sexy in it and every time she wears it I want to bang her.	review_date"
"Great just what I was hoping for.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"I love it	 it's super soft and it doesn't hug me and show all the parts I hate on my body and shows just what I want it to	 got to me on time to!!	review_date"
"This is my 2nd one \u0026 I love them both. I have the black and the blue one. Super cute	 at a price you can't beat.	review_date"
"Very pretty comfortable but no chest support at all.	review_date"
"Looks just like the pic	 it's beautiful	color was just as excpected too. I have no complaints. Will order from this seller again. Very satisfied with this product.	review_date"
"This fits as expected. Color was accurate.	review_date"
"Very pretty fit exactly as expected	 didn't anticipate the underwear to be disproportionate as they were too big on one side.	review_date"
"hot	review_date"
"i really love the way it looks on. bout it for our 25th anni and cant wait for him to see it....	review_date"
"Very pretty	 fun	 and comfortable.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Loving it....will buy more.	review_date"
"Nice product but runs a little on the large side.	review_date"
"Delivery was quick	 item was as stated. Pleased!	review_date"
"It was what I expected and material was great washed once since purchase and like new.	review_date"
"sexy and nice	review_date"
"Comfortable	 flattering. Being a plus size woman adds it鈥檚 own insecurity when it comes to lingerie. But this is positively charming. Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Love	 love love this!!! Makes me feel so pretty and sexy!	review_date"
"The fit was perfect	 and the style is lovely. The package arrived in wonderful condition.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"love the color and it fits well	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Made me feel super sexy....I wore it a few times while I was pregnant	 and it fit me very well.	review_date"
"Looks great on my wife. She loved it	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"when  i recieved  the items  there was a  smell on the clothing  other wish i got what i expected	 the chemical smell was a turn off	review_date"
"Super sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Very nice color as show and frabic very solf l like it a lot. Will order again.	review_date"
"Nice !!	review_date"
"It is pretty and soft and washes up nicely.	review_date"
"I will say it is a pretty color and appears to be made well. But if you have any bust at all this will not fit you. I bought the XXL as I normally wear a 16 and chest is a C/D cup. The cup size on these would maybe be suitable for a A/B otherwise since there is really no support to the cup you will have no hope of not falling out of the top the minute you move around. Did not find the G string that came with this to be of any use for someone who needed an XXL.	review_date"
"Very nicely made.My wife looks very sexy in it	 she said the materials are very soft and comfortable.We love everything about it	review_date"
"I love this it made me feel real sexy!	review_date"
"That is the most sexy I have felt in a long time! He loves it too!	review_date"
"This is second one I ordered. LOVE it!...fits as expected. .material is soft and comfortable. Thanks	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"Poorly made do not waste your money!!!Worst purchase ever!!!	review_date"
"Its soft fabric and feels great. The boob section is a little to big for my cups	 but other than that it's awesome!!!	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Lovely... the quality and size is perfect for me. I might order another color.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits perfectly. I'm 5'7\	 180 lbs	 and a 36C. I ordered a Medium	 and its very flattering. It looks great as well as feels great...though it isn't worn long. "
"Absolutely love this!!!	review_date"
"The sizing is off	 too small	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Way larger in person. Scratchy fabric.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Very nice. Came well packaged. The torso is more sheer than it looks in the picture.	review_date"
"Very accurate on size and very sexy!!! I love this item! Would love to buy it again in a different color	review_date"
"very nicely made love it very much	review_date"
"Wife and i really found it to be a nice product	review_date"
"Love this nighty!!! Great quality!	review_date"
"Thanks.	review_date"
"Advise larger bust purchase 1-2 size up.	review_date"
"Really pretty in person..bought for husband on wedding night	review_date"
"Threads coming apart already	review_date"
"This is an amazing lingerie set! I have been searching for awhile to find one that would fit me right and hide my large stomach	 while still helping me to feel sexy and confident. This one did just that! It is perfect for larger girls looking for coverage. I am short (5 ft)  and it hit just above my knees so it's not as long as it looks in the photo... but i like that! There is ZERO support for breasts	 so i suggest a quarter cup or shelf bra to keep the girls looking sexy too!	review_date"
"Fit like it should. Very nice.	review_date"
"She liked the way thet fit and how they looked on her	review_date"
"Gorgeous! As a 38G	 its hard to find things that make me look good. Love this! Will be ordering more colors.	review_date"
"It is very hard for me to buy lingerie online	 but this fit perfectly and i love it!!! This product is great for a lady with larger hips!	review_date"
"Old lady looks good in it I got her it for a trip we took too Tupelo Mississippi casino had a good time	review_date"
"great color great shape. im a size 14 with 40-42 in bust and i wish i got a larger size than xxl... tits nearly falling out.	review_date"
"The baby doll itself was fine but the thing was just a little too big. I was only able to get one use out of the underwear because it tangled up and I wasn't able to fix it.	review_date"
"Very nice	"
"So pretty and fits prefect in right places..	review_date"
"Really cute but smelled like an old costume after sitting in a mildewey closet for years	review_date"
"This is very comfortable	 and well made. Would recommend	review_date"
"Its the same as in the picture	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Super cute	 panties were confusing and didnt fit	review_date"
"I love the material and I will be buying more.	review_date"
"good quality	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"I bought a size up and fits perfect. No support in the upper area but love!	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 fits a bit large but overall love it	review_date"
"I love the color	 just the perfect size and very comfy	review_date"
"Unhappy	review_date"
"Love this item! It got here on time and the size is perfect. The material is softer than I thought it would be! I would definitely recommend this to anyone!!	review_date"
"el articulo que recibi es de mala calida  la costura esta mal hecha	review_date"
"Item is beautiful...	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Pretty but cheap ribbon lasted one say	review_date"
"Love it but it has a funny smell on it...	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect! Love this material and fit was spot on	review_date"
"Fit to size	review_date"
"material is so soft	review_date"
"Beautiful	 soft and silky	 fits perectly	review_date"
"Bout it in 2XL for a DD cup. The cups were still too small	 but everything else fit.	review_date"
"Very Pretty very happy with my purchase	 love the color blue	 would order again	 fast delivery	 and true to size	review_date"
"Looks good on the wife just a little to big	review_date"
"A little bigger then what I wanted but it looks good	review_date"
"Loved it. I am 6'0\ tall and it's hard for me to find a baby doll long enough for me and this was perfect. I ordered a Large and the material was perfect.""	review_date"
"\u003c3 it...	review_date"
"Great buy for the price	review_date"
"It's exactly what I expected	  nice fabric. Love the color. Very good price too.	review_date"
"Very good. Thanks	review_date"
"Fun	review_date"
"Beautiful color and material	review_date"
"cup size is a little small if you are a larger girl up top. but very comfortable.	review_date"
"It's so cute	review_date"
"Wife loved it	review_date"
"I wish I looked like the model in it but otherwise it was a great purchase.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this!  I can't wait to get paid SOO can buy another one in a different color.	review_date"
"Picture doesn't do it justice!	review_date"
"I love it so cute	review_date"
"A little small for larger breasts	 but the length was fine.	review_date"
"It fits great and I love the color.	review_date"
"Very nice item. Correct size. Looks sexy	review_date"
"Perfect sizing!	review_date"
"Smelt like moldy but the fit was nice I needed to wash it right away	review_date"
"Loved the subtle sexiness of this lingerie.  Husband did too.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it. He cant keep his hands off me.	review_date"
"I purchased this in black and royal blue. It's a beautiful garment and feels really good to the touch. I'. 5'5\	 170lbs.	 38D and blessed on the backside. I figured it would run small so I ordered the Large.  It actually fit very loosely and didn't accentuate my curves the way I'd hoped. I like it so much so I'll be exchanging it for a medium. Hopefully it hits in all the right places.""	review_date"
"Ordered too big because I thought it would be smaller sizes but it fits as expected should have ordered two sizes smaller..	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"Beautiful!!!!	review_date"
"I love the way it fits and looks. Just didn't smell very good. It smelt like a factory so it will have to be hand washed when you get it.	review_date"
"Satisfied with putchase	review_date"
"To big in my boob area also no support should鈥檝e ordered an xl	review_date"
"The top fit fine. The bottom was literally size XXL	review_date"
"I love the color and style and also the price	review_date"
"Hubby loved this.	review_date"
"Beautiful.. Love it..	review_date"
"This fits perfect!	review_date"
"I liked this item. True to color and size. Very comfortable and covers enough I feel more confident.	review_date"
"My Girlfriend got to use this one time 2 minutes into oral... and the strap literally just falls apart.	review_date"
"My wife love it!	review_date"
"My boobs are to big for the cup	 other than that its ok.	review_date"
"Cute	 soft	 comfy	review_date"
"True to size and very good quality!!!!! Love it!!	review_date"
"great experience	review_date"
"I like the style.	review_date"
"Very sexy	great product. Wife love's it.	review_date"
"Just gorgeous	 the soft texture	 the quality is outstanding	 the massive beauty is amazing for the price. The length is my favorite	 very difficult to find lingerie with length for any size	 but this is truly sexy. The panties as usual are a joke but who cares with this stunning piece that actually reaches below your bottom they are not necessary. I will be ordering many more pieces from this company as the quality	 fabric \u0026 beauty is outstanding. I will update my review after continuous use \u0026 wear.	review_date"
"pretty	review_date"
"Love the feel and fit!	review_date"
"poor quality	review_date"
"Hem is stringy	review_date"
"size slightly smaller than exspected ordered size 10 but seemed smaller	review_date"
"Not flattering	 not for big breasted woman. Thong was 3x to big!	review_date"
"Perfect fit for plus size lady!	review_date"
"I do not recommend	review_date"
"Figured as expected	review_date"
"Perfect Fit 馃槏Loving ItAnd so does him	review_date"
"Quality on product is cheap the strap broke the first time I wore it	review_date"
"The outfit is nice	 but the underwear received are not the ones in the picture. It is just a string no cotton or design.	review_date"
"100% perfect	review_date"
"Loved this! Great quality for the price. Very happy with order...will purchase from this Company again in future.	review_date"
"Very good fit looked very nice also.  Very good product	review_date"
"Fits great but a little bit to big in the beast area	review_date"
"It fits just right and I feel nice wearing it in bed	review_date"
"La tela no es muy suave	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"Looked great on my fianc茅 nice quality for the price	review_date"
"Fit like I expected it to. Nicely made.	review_date"
"I love this piece of lingerie!! It fits perfect and with me not being so curvy	 really flatters my shape	review_date"
"Underwear where not made right so they were tossed out. But the lace dress is perfect.	review_date"
"Love the feel of this material.  Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I love my nightie... And so does my boyfriend... Good fit	 durable and soft material.	review_date"
"Very soft.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Love the style and color	 and so does my new hubby!	review_date"
"It's a beautiful color but no G-string and I can't even send it back because anniversary is tomorrow!	review_date"
"For the price- very nice.	review_date"
"Keeps fading on the sheets - even after washed.	review_date"
"items run very small for the size	review_date"
"The teddy fit great	 but the panties were a little snugger than I would have liked	 but I am also pear shaped so I cant hold it against the product.	review_date"
"The color the way it fitted	review_date"
"So soft and comfortable	 I wear it as my go-to night gown...	review_date"
"Wonderful lingerie.	review_date"
"This is really beautiful. It's a generous fit and for the price it's way nicer than I expected.	review_date"
"Esta exelente. Y buena calidad.muy satisfecha	review_date"
"Loved it!!! My husband loved it!! Shipped fast!!	review_date"
"Very soft she loved it	review_date"
"It fit fine everywhere but in my breast area. It was like there was no way to get the material to move to adjust at all.	review_date"
"fits nice.	review_date"
"Great seller! Very pretty nighty and sexy	 but a bit longer than I like.	review_date"
"Very nice item for the price. Fits to size and I am a big girl.  Lovely blue color.	review_date"
"The panties were not good material and it was to big. However the lingere fit perfect! Very sexy! I'm 5'9 175.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Looks exactly as pictured. True to size	review_date"
"I love this product. It did not smell like other reviews said. I ordered larger size so it would not be too small but I could have gone one or two down.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"After washing it  lost it shape. Not what i expected	review_date"
"Beautiful color	review_date"
"Had a hole in it	review_date"
"Loved it except I wish I went one size smallee!!	review_date"
"Ok ladies I am a tomboy never bought anything like this but I received it today tried it on and it was so beautiful i got the xxl bc i am not a small size it fit perfect I normally wear a large but read some other reviews saying go up a size but I went 2 sizes and like I said it fits perfect and very soft I am a real person not paid nor got anything for free and for this price it's perfect I got the purple now I will be ordering a few more darker colors like the blue and the green  bc they seem brighter so I gave this a 5 star thank u all for reading I am 5'1 170 lbs got the xxl Fits the top well I am shocked bc i am a b cup	review_date"
"This was kinda sad actually	 the underwear were 2 sizes too big and the gown was a size too small	 good going.	review_date"
"RETURNED	review_date"
"Fit me really well. Great for bbw woman.	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"It fits great	 looks great	 and worked like a charm	review_date"
"Fit was off. Didn't fit well.	review_date"
"Super sexy. My boyfriend couldn't keep his hands off	review_date"
"Amazing feeling and fit. It feels great and fit great! It is really flattering on a bigger girl. Will be ordering more in different colors. Makes you look and feel sent rather then slutty.	review_date"
"Be advised	 you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"I felt comfortable in it and wearing it.  I'm full figured so it was perfect.	review_date"
"Very comfortable!	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured and fit exactly as expected	review_date"
"Very figure flattering.	review_date"
"The breast size does not fit for F\u0026 G cups. Not for women with large breast. I wear a 42F . The body fits okay	review_date"
"I expected a little more nipple coverage for some reason but the fit and length is good. Maybe a touch shorter than I would've though but overall I like it and feel like it was definately a good buy!	review_date"
"Fit as expected. Lovely color.	review_date"
"it was too big for me except for my breasts i am pretty large in thatr area so i got a 4xli still think its greaat other then that	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly	 nice quality fabric	review_date"
"Made for small breasts or fake ones	review_date"
"Everything is good but when I open the package the cloth was smelling .	review_date"
"I love it 	 looks great. I can鈥檛 wait for my boyfriend to see me in it. Thanks	review_date"
"Fits great ..very beautiful	review_date"
"Beautiful and nice fit.  Bra area material very easy to rip! Gorgeous color!	review_date"
"On point! It fit perfectly and my husband loved it!	review_date"
"This item is wonderful I would like to order more items like this	review_date"
"Sort comfy	 and sexy! My husband and I both love it on me! Would recommend!	review_date"
"This item fit as expected. It was also a great deal! Love it!	review_date"
"Got for my Honeymoon. Very soft.	review_date"
"It fits nicely	review_date"
"The fit is great! Its very comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"Size is a bit small but good quality	review_date"
"Love the lace detail. Very pretty blue	review_date"
"i was lovely. it did have little snag in the lace but otherwise it is perfect. thank you	review_date"
"Really nice material	 very pretty.	review_date"
"Beautiful lace fits well. My man loves it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Sizes are way off. Did not fit my size correctly	review_date"
"Fit great	review_date"
"I love the length	review_date"
"Boobs didn't fit. Other than that it was cute.	review_date"
"It looked really good on my wife. Good  .  Look and quality.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful! Well made! Did order one size larger...fits perfect!	review_date"
"Super pretty and fits great.	review_date"
"The sizes on most of them are always too small but however this size was dead on	review_date"
"it is very much Sexy Lingerie Set	 i love This Dress When My Wife Wear This Lingerie Set	 Ummmmmmmah :)	review_date"
"It's long enough however the chest area doesn't match size chart.	review_date"
"bought it for the wife she loves it \u0026 wears it well 	 thumbs up	review_date"
"It was beautiful.	review_date"
"I liked the product	review_date"
"My thigh is big but I love it working out it didn't come off thank u	review_date"
"My gf love it.  It was a  surprise  for her birthday.	review_date"
"My boyfriend Loved it! I will be purchasing again :) made me feel sexy and beautiful xoxo thank you so much for the great sexy lingerie !!!	review_date"
"My man said was very sexy on me	review_date"
"Cant wait until the Honeymoon	review_date"
"she loved it-	review_date"
"Really nice	review_date"
"Lots of fun!	review_date"
"I loved it and so did my fianc茅. It didn鈥檛 stay on long. That鈥檚 for sure.	review_date"
"This is such a beautiful teddy that I ended up ordering 3 of them!  My husband loves it as well.  It has adjustable straps	 but doesn't really offer a lot of support (I am not all that large on top	 so not an issue for me).  I was worried that the lace might be itchy	 but it is very soft to the skin..  It's a little longer than most teddies	 which I liked.  It held up well in my delicates garment washing bag on the gentle cycle and I hung it to dry. It arrived quickly with no issues.  I would recommend this to anyone looking for a beautifully made intimate wear.	review_date"
"Cheap.	review_date"
"Nice quality but not for women with large chest... no support.	review_date"
"Very pretty and good quality.	review_date"
"Love this item	 soft and comfortable. True to size.	review_date"
"Very nice. My husband likes it on me)	review_date"
Allow for option to go with the underwear style
"Good value	review_date"
"Came with one shoulder strap broken. Besides that its real cute.	review_date"
"Breast area is smaller than expected	review_date"
"Sexy.soft.winner winner.	review_date"
"very sheer	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"It looks great but didn't fit like I wanted	review_date"
"My wife and I loved it	review_date"
"I was quite impressed by this purchase!  The material is a sheer (which is good if that's what your interested in). The length is great and hits mid thigh which is nice compared to others that are much shorter.The fit was a bit larger than expected. I ordered a Large not knowing exactly how it would fit	 but should have ordered a Medium as it fits much more true to size. For reference I'm 155 lbs and 36c (VS medium). Would recommend.	review_date"
"Very soft and feels nice on the skin. It is very transparent too. Great price as well.	review_date"
"Great and we love it	review_date"
"I got it for my wife	review_date"
"Comfy and fit ok may have ordered a size to big but otherwise ok	review_date"
"Prefect fit	 very sexy	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Nice and comfortable	review_date"
"Looking amazing and high quality as well.	review_date"
"Excellent choice for even double the cost!	review_date"
"Fits very true to size. Feel expensive.	review_date"
"I should have listened to the reviews on this. I wear a size 10 and have a 36c chest. I orderd a large. For the most part	 this fits well. The material has a nice stretch to it	 but i will never be able to wear this without a bra underneath (and my husband hates it when i wear a bra). It has zero support and looks horrible. That is the only way i can describe it. I will probably never wear this. Such a disappointment. At least it didnt cost that much.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 soft and very pretty on...I will be getting another one!	review_date"
"I love it. I'm a rather chubby girl but this made me feel sexy. It fit me perfectly	review_date"
"Nice fabric	 fits perfect.	review_date"
"My wife was thrilled with it and I was more thrilled!  Not the best quality materials but for the price it is really good.	review_date"
"Love this one it fits and is exactly the color I ordered and the color I wanted. Perfect	review_date"
"very sexy love it	review_date"
"Love it!!!	review_date"
"Fits as expected and is pretty	review_date"
"I like the style the most	 it was beautiful	review_date"
"I enjoyed the feel of it and the fit was great. You will enjoy the product!!	review_date"
"Little small on the boobsboobsS	review_date"
"washed one time and its trash	review_date"
"He loved it	review_date"
"Great quality for the price!	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Very cheap....worth about $3.	review_date"
"wonderful	review_date"
"Love this! Shipping took a bit long but I'm so happy it looks so cute and good quality too	review_date"
"Bought it to wear for my husband really got  into it he wants me to wear it more often	review_date"
"Poor/cheap product quality. Not worth for the money. Disappointed.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful	review_date"
"This fits great and looks really good on me. I'm a size 14/16.	review_date"
"If you have large breasts	 this is not a choice.	review_date"
"Fits great!! Love the feel of it!!!	review_date"
"Love it ! My Husband even more !	review_date"
"The item was more than I expected. My husband was very pleased.	review_date"
"I love the way it for and how it looks on me sexy	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"Fit was great and very pretty.	review_date"
"Soft smooth and pleasing to the eyes. Just a bit long. Set the tone for the evening.  We recommend this product.	review_date"
"Color matches with picture	 very nice quality and sexy look	review_date"
"Just what the Doctor ordered fit good	 very pretty	 and my wife loved it.	review_date"
"So pretty	review_date"
"I got this in the L	 rose red	 and do like it very much. I ordered a large because of the reviews but wish I had ordered one size smaller (I am 5 1 and weigh 140 pounds) The feel of the fabric is very silky and nice and I like that it is longer than some nighties like this	 it hits me a little above the knee. I did remove the bow as it was \too much\"" but that was simple.Update"
"Looked great.	review_date"
"This was a great product and I would purchase it again.	review_date"
"Great buy	review_date"
"True to style and look but a bit smug	review_date"
"Really liked it very pretty	review_date"
"Fit exactly how I wanted	 my husband loves it	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Fit as it should looked good and well worth the money love it	review_date"
"Poor quality	 had tears in it.	review_date"
"my wife loved the surprise (very sexy) will buy others	review_date"
"The underwear did not fit and was not used	 the main item was what I had expected!	review_date"
"Very pleased	review_date"
"It looks better than the picture. I was very pleased.	review_date"
"Nice material.	review_date"
"It fit wonderfully! I didn't size up or anything (which was risky to me) but it fits beautifully.	review_date"
"My wife and I love it!!!!	review_date"
"The 'top' fit great	 the panties on the other hand are extremely big.	review_date"
"Cute! Going to order a second one in a another color	review_date"
"panties are way too small	 but the babydoll fits great	 very pretty	review_date"
"it was great and looked as I imagined.  and I appreciate  the ability to select it from her wish list.	review_date"
"I'm 300lbs and got the biggest size and it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Fits well.  Love the color and feel of it.	review_date"
"Love seeing my girlfriend in this !	review_date"
"This product was flimsy	review_date"
"Very thin see through material	review_date"
"Really sexy and comfy	review_date"
"hot	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous	 a little more see through than the picture but still gorgeous none the less	review_date"
"Nothing like pic cheap costume crap	review_date"
"True to size!	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"It is beautiful.  Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Fits great and The material feels great!	review_date"
"Got this for my wife and we BOTH loved it!	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 like it at all.	review_date"
"Very nice fit and made me feel sexy	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"my wife loved it. She loved the length.	review_date"
"Love the material!	review_date"
"Fits fine.	review_date"
"Great fit. Will order more in the future	review_date"
"Love this! Fits perfect. I got a large and it was the right size	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great and is very comfortable.	review_date"
"If the straps crossed in the back	 I'd feel more boob support but other than that I love it!	review_date"
"I love the fit	review_date"
"Everythn was perfect	review_date"
"wife looked great in it	review_date"
"It very pretty and i love the way it fells	review_date"
"Nice gift a good price.	review_date"
"This is a pretty outfit.  She loves it and so do I....	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"It was a perfect fit	review_date"
"Very comfortable! My Fianc茅 loved it!	review_date"
"Didn't have it on for 10 minutes and we were having sex!	review_date"
"Was great	review_date"
"Love it..can't wait to surprised my soon to be hubby on our wedding night鉂?	review_date:March 7	 2017""	star"
"It fit nice	review_date"
"Fits me perfectly! It's comfortable and unbelievably soft. Can't wait for my boyfriend to see me in this!	review_date"
"Looks very cheap.	review_date"
"Not to bad.	review_date"
"No comment	review_date"
"its sexy	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Smaller than expectedWife not happy	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"The size fits perfect	review_date"
"Like the marterial	review_date"
"Nice color and runs a little big	review_date"
"Loved	review_date"
"鈽?	review_date:June 23	 2017""	star"
"Sexyyyyyyy!!	review_date"
"loved this babydoll very sexy	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Just a little smaller than expected	review_date"
"She loved it and looks fantastic wearing it!	review_date"
"I love it... looks super cute!	review_date"
"Really liked the shirt. Good quality \u0026 got lots of compliments on it	review_date"
"Cheaply made and runs small.	review_date"
"Cups were too small and the strap broke trying to put it on	review_date"
"Love it !!!	review_date"
"It is so beautiful and flattering!	review_date"
"Fit great and looked really sexy.	review_date"
"To big	review_date"
"wife looks amazing wearing this	review_date"
"Fit as expected	review_date"
"Runs very big	review_date"
"Fits great and very pretty	 I love it!	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised by how well this fit me. I'm a very big girl	 about 300lbs. and a size 26. I bought a 5X and it was flowy and very comfortable. The only little problem was the thong that came with it	 it was really cheap and didn't fit at all. This really didn't bother me though	 since I planned on using this without the thong anyways. So if you wanted to wear a bottom with this	 I'd recommend buying one separately.	review_date"
"Not for the shy.	review_date"
"Fits great!	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"Looked amazing on my wife.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie  it fits perfectly and looks great!	review_date"
"DON'T PURCHASE	review_date"
"Looks amazing in person	review_date"
"I love it and it fits perfectly :)	review_date"
"Wife loves	im a happy camper!!	review_date"
"A bit large	 but good value!!	review_date"
"Love it and it fix perfect!!	review_date"
"Great for the price	 good quality.	review_date"
"It was exactly what i was looking for.  It fits as expected and looks great	review_date"
I like it
"soooo sexy!	review_date"
"the wife loves this  great	review_date"
"The fit is really good and overall it's pretty cute. The reason I did not give it 5 five stars is because the material is not that soft	 as you would want lingerie to be. It also had a strong smell....like a processed chemical smell which I did not like. It is cute though	 fits pretty well and is comfortable. I found the underwear that it came with to  be too big. I am 5'2'' and 100 lbs and ordered the small. Also	 the \green\"" really shows up more blue.""	review_date"
"fast delivery	 good quality	 very nice.	review_date"
"All I can say is WOW!!	review_date"
"Love it!!  Very comfortable!!!	review_date"
"This babydoll lingerie set is very pretty.  It feels like it would be more expensive than it is.  The lace and sheer material is very nice and soft.  The lace that covers the top is very thin and has no support	 but you can tighten the straps to help with that.  The thongs that come with this do not stretch at all.  They were uncomfortable and I don't plan to wear them with it.  The straps are held to the back with little plastic rings that did not stay connected.  I'm a 40DD	 and a mom of 2	 so I do need some support up there.  When I was trying this on	 one strap kept coming a loose	 and that plastic ring would not hold.  I'll have to sew the straps to the back to keep them connected.  Besides that	 I really love this little set.  I bought the XXL and I wear a 16/18 in women's.  It fits perfectly.  I'm very glad I bought this.  Even though there are a couple little problems	 this outfit is really beautiful and I'd buy it again in a different color.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"The Lingerie arrived very quickly and was a perfect fit!	review_date"
"I love it very true to size and comfy	review_date"
"It is good but almost small.	review_date"
"Tku	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"It was awful and cheap	review_date"
"Don't waste your money!! The smell was horindous! It's a mixture of maybe a moldy mildew smell and maybe a little chemical smell. I hands she'd it trying to get the smell out and it got worse. I let my hubby smell it and he actually gagged. Not to mention I thought the dye that came off of it was going to stain my sink. I can only imagine that it would have come off onto my skin if I'd tried to wear it. Worst Amazon purchase I've made to date. I threw it in the trash.	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Was pleased with my order	review_date"
"I was disappointed in the fabric quality.	review_date"
"Returned it.  It fit perfectly from the chest	 but then there was so much extra material around the center.  It made me look way bigger than I am.  (I ordered a Medium \u0026 usually wear a medium/large.  I'm 5'8\ \u0026 140 lbs.)""	review_date"
"It was a little too big but still wearable	review_date"
"I am 5'9 and a 1/2 And weigh 155 	and my bra size is 36 C and I got mediums. The only thing that didn't fit so well was the thong. It was a lot larger than my size but all I did was cut it down and re-sew it and it now fits perfect. The top part fit really well and they are so comfortable! I got the sky blue and purple and love the colors! I would recommend this product.	review_date"
"Kinda snug	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Fit good very sexy	review_date"
"Love it! It very soft and the fit is great	review_date"
"Very Sexy. My wife loves it.	review_date"
"they bust and material not what I like. the color	review_date"
"It looked better then the picture came fast fit perfectly	review_date"
"So fits.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable	 good quality and fits good. I normally wear a large or XL in clothing so I bought XL. Overall it fits really good so I would say it's true to size. I'm about 5'8\ and it's the perfect length for me. Not a lot of support on the top since it's only lace but it covers enough to be comfortable. It's more shear than I realized but that's ok. I will probably order one in another color.""	review_date"
"Someone is color blind. It is pink	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Fit just right thank you	review_date"
"This item was comfortable and fit true to size.	review_date"
"Husband loved this on me.	review_date"
"It's super cute!	review_date"
"Adorable	review_date"
"It was bigger than expected	review_date"
"I loved it.....	review_date"
"It is exactly what I wanted	review_date"
"Strap broke immediately	review_date"
"4 starts	review_date"
"So I just received this item	 and I quickly tried it on. Most of the time I'm uncomfortable in lingerie. Usually because they're too short or to hip hugging. I'm not a small girl by any means	 but I'm not large either. I'm always a little skeptical ordering things online because size charts are unreliable. This one fit me perfectly! I have a \bubble butt\"" (seriously	 that's been a nickname of mine since I was a teen). This falls over my butt without hugging it	 and without hiding it. I have 2 different sized breasts and the adjustable straps help control this! For the first time in a long time	 I felt sexy. My husband is going to love it	 but what really helps is that it has boost my confidence! I searched long and hard for something to fit me without killing my self esteem. Thank you adorejoy!""	review_date"
"So this is okay. It is pretty and true to color. I threw the panties away. They were just a few pieces of string sewn together. I am a size 44DD and this gives no lift or support as can be expected. This was my first lingerie purchase and I am not entirely disappointed. My husband loved it. In the future I will look for a halter to tie where I can control my lift a little better. with this	 I had the straps adjusted as far as possible and then did a little pinning in the back. The material isn't very comfortable but it doesn't suck either	review_date"
"What I expected!	review_date"
"As advertised	review_date"
"To small	review_date"
"This is a style I have never worn or seen before. It is very comfy	 alluring and provocative. JUST WHAT I WANTED. Love the skyblue and wanted a different color from what I have. True to fit in every way. Great price and addition to my life.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
Loved it. Perfect to use on top of another one to let your significant other take off a couple layers 
"I loooooove this!!!!! SO SO SO cute!!! I highly recommend. I am 5'3 160 pounds	 I got a large	 it is so flattering. The color ( I got red) is beautiful. I am so in love with this!	review_date"
"Gorgeous color! From the under bust down it fit nicely	 flowed beautifully	 and looked sexy. Here is my only critique... The bust was small. Yes	 it compressed like the picture but on busty me it was less push-up bra and more my breasts have piggybackers on both sides of the cup. That is my only negative on this. He loved it and that is what really matters.	review_date"
"This is cheaply made and looks nothing like the picture	 it's terribly disappointing. Went by the sizing chart and it was ridiculously smaller than chart provided.	review_date"
"It's so soft and comfy to sleep in...only problem is the boobs area could use more support. ..I'm a D cup and my nips keep popping out for any movement ...thong fits weird(and I have a butt )...I just use my own undies to pair	review_date"
"Lovely little piece.  My girlfriend doesn't have the largest breasts	so when i saw how good she looked and felt in this	 my heart raced with joy.  She looks like an angel i highly recommend these stockings: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01BLIP2NO/ref=cfb_at_prodpg?th=1\u0026psc=1They go together well.	review_date"
"Was unsure about buying something like this through Amazon	 as well as what I'd get for such a low price	 but I was pleasantly surprised. Not to mention	 my boyfriend LOVES it. I am 5'4\ 120lbs and a 34D. I ordered a small and it fits well. Maybe slightly small in the chest	 but then again	 when wearing something like this	 I think some things almost falling out is definitely not a problem "
"I didnt have tremendously high hopes for this item	 but needed a little something quick for a get away. It ended up looking and feeling very nice. I could have used the panties that came with it as dental floss. Had to wear something else. Other than that no complaints.	review_date"
"Not for large busted women - NO support.  There isn't a lot of shape at all to this and looks VERY CHEAP - much like an early 90s bed spread feels 馃槵 Runs large.	review_date"
"This broke as I was trying it on. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"I didn't like the breast area and the straps. The material feels cheap and breast area felt too tight (I ordered a M	 I'm 36C). The bottom lace part was actually really nice and I did like that part of the lingerie.	review_date"
"Looks pretty	 very uncomfortable and the straps are located in the wrong place on the back of the dress. They are about an inch too far out on both sides therefore making it impossible for the straps to stay up for support.  Very cheap seamstress work.  Wish I bought something else	review_date"
"This product was exactly what I hoped for. My boyfriend absolutely loved it! The fabric is very soft	 has a good color	 and was very flattering. I was surprised by how well made this product was! A great value for the price.	review_date"
"I thought I was going to like it	 but it's very well made"
"It was cute	 did the trick.  Not the most comfy.  Hides the belly bulge well.	review_date"
"Beautiful bright red.  Love it	review_date"
"Got this for my wife and Makes her look and feel sexy.  It is comfortable and material feels soft.  Very Satisfied.	review_date"
"good fit	 very sexy	review_date"
"Not the highest quality but hey	 for what you pay its decent enough. Cute but seems a little shorter than the pic.	review_date"
"I'm giving it two stars because of the g-string the fabric doesn't feel sexy against my skin I do have to say it was nice to see my bf's face when I had it on. So to tell you about the size I'm a 27waist 34DDD bust 36 hips and it was baggy I ordered a medium	review_date"
"The for was horrible. It was smaller then it states. I'm very disappointed. I bought 4 others from other venders and they all fit perfect.	review_date"
Made for someone with \full figure\"My wife is a size small
"Baby doll nightie fit great! The thong was way too small. But when you're wearing that pretty blue nightie	 panties aren't needed for long!	review_date"
"Strap broke first time I tried it in.	review_date"
"Works perfectly.  Can be used any time of day.  Hotty...	review_date"
"I love the color	 but its really long for me. im 5'2	review_date"
"I am glad I read the reviews. I am 235lbs with a 43\ waist and decided to get the xxl. Its a perfect fit. I would not have been as comfortable if I had purchased the xl. I can't wait for my husband to see me in this....and by the way....the blue is gorgeous.""	review_date"
"Just didn't like it on me. Otherwise it looks great.	review_date"
"she love it	review_date"
"This is gorgeous	 the blue is radiant!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Beautiful im a 42DDD and and xl fit perfect. Reccomended this 馃挏馃挏馃挏	review_date"
"Fits great. Very pretty.	review_date"
"This product was not at all what I was hoping for. The cut is weird	 especially at the chest	 and the material arrived frayed. Would not recommend.	review_date"
"Nice product	 very cuyr	 fits well	 one issue I had was one of the plastic loops in back broke on the strap the first time a had it. Easy fix!	review_date"
"This is a beautiful color and perfect fit. Love it	review_date"
"No Problems	 Looks good	review_date"
"I received this already damaged.  The plastic ring that holds the strap on was already broke.  Cheaply made	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 and 140 the medium was too small	review_date"
"Bought this for my girlfriend and she loves it	review_date"
"Very soft material. So glad it does not feel cheap and itchy. The reviews here were extremely helpful	 if I would have ordered a size larger it would have been too big. This fits perfectly. I would say if you are on the borderline of M/L	 L/XL or XL/XXL	 etc.	 order the smaller size. It comes with g-string	 I probably will not be using that but a nice touch	 I will probably use white french cut. Overall this item is as described and did not disappoint.	review_date"
"to small  . not good sizing  will retirnfir the next size	review_date"
"I purposefully bought this item bigger than my normal size. I'm glad I did. I love the item but it runs small.	review_date"
"the outfit was a little on the big side but	I ordered an XL to be sure it was not to small	G.F. very happy with outfit	looks real sexy.	review_date"
"After waiting after the expected arrival date(s)	 it is very comfy and enjoyable.	review_date"
"I'm surprised with this product it's great for the price! I've washed it twice and it still looks nice!	review_date"
"ordered a medium for 36d should have ordered a large. 3 star	review_date"
"pretty cute for the price	review_date"
"Awesome!!!	review_date"
"Very bad quality! !	review_date"
"Nice and sexy for special occasions!!!	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"Loved it...really soft..fit perfect	review_date"
"I love it.	review_date"
"Or sexy enough	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"It is very pretty just looking and when I put it on	 looks very nice color and fit well. My normal size is large but I orser d medium and perfect fit.I love it and can't wait to show it to my boyfriend. I'm sure he will be pleased	review_date"
"I love this!!! I ordered up a size (XXL) and I'm glad I did. It drapes perfectly and makes me feel skinny and sexy! Ordered it in black and may reorder in others	 too. Definitely recommend!!!	review_date"
"This chimise is complementary to a smaller breast	 and is made of mostly see through lace. I am 5'7\ and wear a 36b. I would prefer a softer material but it is not too rough. Small worked well. The color is gorgeous!""	review_date"
"to small	review_date"
"Panties was way to big	review_date"
"I am a larger women and had no problem with the XXL size I ordered.  This baby doll lingerie comes to a little above my knees and is cut up in a reverse \v\"" fashion.  This is totally see thru and sheer with lace patterned design focused on the end and bust area. The bottom of the lingerie is beautifully detailed with roses as you can see in my photos. The straps are fully adjustable and are comfortable.  This came with a thong made up of same material and is also see thru.Received this item for free in exchange for an honest unbiased review.""	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥? bust 34DD	 waist 28鈥? hip 36鈥? I ordered a large to cover my very full 34DD鈥檚	 which this nightie does	 but just. Come morning	 the girls may have escaped. While I needed the large on top I could use a small to medium through out the rest of the nightie. That said	 from the bust down it鈥檚 a lot of very pretty	 lovely well made soft material. I wanted elgant	 classy and beautiful items to wear to bed each night. My husband and I have been sleeping in the same bed for 36 years and thankfully continue to adore and crave each other鈥檚 company and LOVE our intimate times. So I have been beefing up my intimate time wardrobe as well as my my sleeping time wardrobe.  For me there are different levels of sexy wear (level #1: beautiful and pretty with everything is covered	 but might be see thru	 (throw the guy a bone and attract some attention before bed) nest	 level #2:  thong type items	 in various materials and absolutely see thru!  Lastly	 level #3a: skin tight	 deep plunge	 thong style teddies or a corset	 g-string	 with straps for those lace stockings and to kick it up a notch throw on a pair of high heels. Level #3b: swap out g-string for beautiful	 classy well made lace 鈥渃rotchless鈥?panties (will drive them wild I promise).  Each item of the highest quality you can afford. With that narrative I consider this nightie a level #1 and VERY COMFORTABLE to seep in. If you鈥檝e gotten this far in my review	 let me say I seldom leave reviews	 yet rely heavily on reviews. So thank you to those girls of you who take the time to leave reviews.  It was high time I pitched in with as much valuable information I could think of.  With that I loveed this nightie so much	 I originally bought two	 fell in love so hard with them that I am now going back to purchase additional colors. I enjoyed writing this review	 giggled a few times and hope you found the information valuable. This is a great purchase.	review_date"
"It looks nice and I really wanted to love this but between the AWFUL smell it had and the way the color bleeds...it鈥檚 been a hassle to say the least. I diligently spent over an hour hand washing this garment and the water continued turning black each time I refilled the sink. I tried changing the water temperature	 I tried switching to regular detergent vs a hand washing kind	 I used color catcher sheets	 I even tried adding vinegar and salt. In addition to the bleeding	 each time I drained the sink to add fresh water there was a ring of black specks all over the sink like it had been shedding lint.I purchased a size larger (XXL) than I needed because despite the reviews I was worried it would run too small. That being said	 I probably could鈥檝e ordered an XL and been fine. Adjusting the straps helps a lot and because of the loose fit it鈥檚 hard to tell it鈥檚 a bit too big.Overall I can鈥檛 complain given the price point but having purchased other garments similarly priced without these issues I had hoped this one would turn out better.	review_date"
"My husband loves me to wear babydoll style and encourages me to buy more in different colors. I usually order what he likes best from my selections. This is very lovey on. My dress size is 16W/18/XL. I got 2X because the fit was as expected 76%. I gave 4 stars only because of the length. I wish it was a little shorter	 l'm 5'3 186 lbs and it was just above my knees. I would love to buy this label in another style because l know their sizing fits me well.	review_date"
"My Lace baby doll Lingerie came in the mail today. I was so excited until I tried it on. I purchased the 3x	 it was actually big except in the boob area. Which did not seem to fit at all. I even tried this on with and without a bra. It comes about mid thigh. It's extremely cute and has a silky smooth feel to it. So I'll send it back for an even bigger size just for my breast.Whoever makes this item needs to understand that not everyone has small boobs!	review_date"
"This is GORGEOUS! I love this color of blue on lingerie because you don't find it often. It hangs comfortably and isn't too short. This is something that I wear to bed and wear to spice up things in the bedroom. The peek of lace is so sexy. The top part seems to be a little smaller than I'd like. It doesn't provide enough support	 so right when you lay down	 it all falls out. haha. That's my only complaint. I think it's beautiful and I highly recommend it!sample provided for evaluation.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ and 240 lbs. Following the other reviews	 I ordered a XXL even though I normally wear an XL. The babydoll fit great	 the material is soft (not scratchy) and the adjustable shoulder straps are great. There is no underwire in the cups	 so unless you've been surgically enhanced	 you will probably not have the support shown on the model. It's pretty sturdy	 as these things go and the price is great. I would definitely buy again.""	review_date"
"I got this nightwear in the light blue color. I ushually order these sort of things bigger to be safe. Im 5'8\ and 190 and the XL is a bit big on me surprisingly. It still fits alright though. The straps are all straight and even	 and none of the seams are messed up. Looks like a good buy.""	review_date"
"I ordered a XL hoping it would fit	 fits great longer than I thought but my only complaint is that it keeps my boobs so separated if that makes sense. Kinda cheap fabric but what do you expect for this price. My man loved it "
"Ordered one size larger to accommodate bra size. Probably could have gotten my regular size because I have a bit of room. Got the dark blue one. Very pretty and comfortable.	review_date"
"As a plus size woman	 I'm always concerned that products won't fit.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that the 3X was a perfect fit.  The look is just what I wanted-- a little sweet	 and a little sexy.  Thank you Adore Joy	 and my very good friend who bought this as a honeymoon gift!	review_date"
"So it鈥檚 cute but it鈥檚 really really see through . I bought a XXL and the thong part is kinda big ... the outfit itself is kinda bigger on me .... my boobs kinda were hanging out of it . I think I would like it more had it been no so see through .	review_date"
"Got the blue	 and it is a very pretty color. The cup area is a little smaller than I would have wanted	 but overall it is a nice fit.	review_date"
"One time use	 that鈥檚 it	review_date"
"HUBBY LOVES IT	review_date"
"Great fit \u0026 feel \u0026 soft fabric!	review_date"
"The cups were on the small side	 but the band around it was too loose	and not as much uplift as in the picture.  Could have gone one size smaller to maybe make the cups fit better.  The lace is beautiful!  Would buy in more colors.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful! Fit perfectly and good quality! Very happy!	review_date"
"Omg it's absolutely gorgeous and my man loves it on me that's all that matters... THANK YOU	review_date"
"Fits perfect!!! Very sexy and cute	review_date"
"It's bigger then I expected it to be but other then that	 I like it. Can't wait to use it.	review_date"
"its beautiful and fit perfectly	review_date"
"Bought for my wife she Loved it... Looks Great	review_date"
"Perfect! My wife loves it. Super sexy and fits like it should.	review_date"
"Great product	 a little big but still looked nice.	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks even better! True to size as well.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Buy this because you will love. So soft I don't want to take it off.	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and I wear a 34C. I don鈥檛 think the size of your breasts matter for this one. You can adjust the straps and it clasps in the middle so if a little cleavage is showing it鈥檚 okay... isn鈥檛 that the point of the lingerie? My boyfriend and I both loved it. It is soft and a universal look I think anyone could wear it.	review_date"
"I am 6 foot tall 195 pounds and size 12/14 this item is not only long enough to cover my booty but is so soft and sexy! I bought a XL but honestly I could have bought a Large	review_date"
"The sexy outfit robe top is beautiful. It鈥檚 beautifully designed. I love the style it鈥檚 sexy too. It鈥檚 silky smooth \u0026 lightweight. It鈥檚 also very comfortable and fits perfect. It closes on the front only at the middle top. It鈥檚 a split opening at the middle	 \u0026 has an underwear thong to match the robe blouse.  The length reaches half the buttocks behind area. I think this is great for all women to be sexy or who want to feel sexy. I really liked this \u0026 my husband loves it.	review_date"
"It fit perfect!! I lost weight due to health issues so my  perky 32DD turned into not so perky Bs. This made my breasts look great again! I felt very sexy in it. Its loose and flowy so really all you need to fit is your breasts. Im 126lb and 5'4 and the small fit perfect	review_date"
"Well it certainly isn鈥檛 true to the photo or description. The red is more like wine burgundy color. Detail for floral around breasts isn鈥檛 the same either. I鈥檓 disappointed.	review_date"
"This is the purple color. It looks good and runs true to size.	review_date"
"As a size 16	 this looks so good on me! The way it lays in the middle helps hide your belly a bit. Definitely makes me feel more confident to put it on. The only wish I had	 was that it pushed up the boobs a bit more	 but definitely my favorite thing I鈥檝e bought	 even better than the expensive lingerie I鈥檝e boughten before!	review_date"
"I wish I would have gotten a size L instead of XL as it does feel a little larger than I thought it would. It's very soft and comfortable though! I wear a size 14	 38D. If I were to buy this item again or even in a different color I would get L.	review_date"
"This one is so pretty in person! The detail on the straps doesn't show up online but amazing in person. It's flowy and covers where it should if you're trying to hide midsection. I got the purple in my regular size	 XL. I'm a small B bust but curvy 14/16.	review_date"
"This product has very bad quality control which is a shame.  The garment is very soft and I really wanted it.  Unfortunately it has a problem with the construction.  The edge of the bra is sewn to the bra band.  I took pictures but it's hard to tell.  I can't comment on the fit since the bra wouldn't go over my breast due to the bad construction.Update:. This seller just tried to buy this review.  They offered me a gift card in if I removed this review.  This seller is sketchy. Please don't order from them.  I also changed my rating from 2 to 1 star for to this experience.	review_date"
"The item is very pretty. The lace is great quality. I ordered the purple color and it鈥檚 gorgeous! It clips in the front between the breasts	 and is prefect length. I was also surprised how great of support it had!	review_date"
"What a GORGEOUS piece! The lace is stretchy and super soft! I would definitely reccomend stocking up on these if you want to feel like the goddess you are! 馃槏馃槏馃槏	review_date"
"For the price I was a little skeptical about how nice this would be	 but I was surprised at how soft and pretty it is! I feel like this is pretty comparable to Victoria's secret lingerie... It is way better than some of the cheap stuff you can buy. It's not scratchy at all. I got the red color and it's like a deep wine red which I love. It's super sexy and fits me well.	review_date"
"I love this! It fits me well and it makes me feel great. However the g string was a little tighter than I would normally go for. Couldn't be happier with this purchase.	review_date"
"First off	 when I ordered this item it showed Amazon Prime. Placed the order and then got a notification for it being nearly 2 months out. I thought Prime was 2 days	 not 2 months.After waiting nearly 6 weeks it finally arrived. The material	 workmanship and color are all great. The clasp that's supposed to hold the top closed does not work though. It does not lock it place and opens constantly. You'll spent more time trying to keep it closed than enjoying this piece. Mind you	 the one front closure clasp is the ONLY thing keeping this piece together.Tried to return it	 but the shipping back to China costs more than 6 of these items. Very disappointed. Will never buy again from this company.It's amazing though how something went from Amazon Prime to Whatever You're-on-your-own.Try your local intimates store first!	review_date"
"Omg I bought almost every color from this designer. I can't believe how cute and sexy it is. The cost does it no justice	 if i saw it in a store I would've paid triple. I will never buy lingerie from anyone else... washes well in cold water and I hang it up to dry. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"When I was perusing some of styles of chemise sets this style caught my attention.Likes ~Price is good - there are varied prices according to size \u0026 sizes vary from small - XXL.6 different colors \u0026 there's another style that is suited for Christmas.Variation on design with white floral detail is pretty.I like the ruffled with white floral contrast \u0026 asymetrical style hemline.Great for a different style \u0026 didn't have to drive to a store try on different styles \u0026 buy so saved time.I ordered the wine red color which I think is a pretty rich color different to other red colors.Dislikes ~Clip at center chest is not easy to close or keep closed.  A partner may like to help with that.G string thong style panty isn't type of panty I prefer.  Would be nice if there would be a different style panty that covers butt as I don't really care for this style.  This was shown in listing so I didn't receive something different \u0026 was aware that this is what it came with.Mesh style material isn't as soft as if it is rayon but may not stay on if with a partner anyways...I haven't washed it but hand washing is recommended.Wine red looks a bit different in person.  More like a burgundy/wine red which is also pretty.	review_date"
"This set is beautiful and it fits well! I was actually very impressed with the top-the band \u0026 closure give a bit of support! It fits true to size.	review_date"
"I get why they can show how this actually looks on the model	 but the photo makes it look like the bra is solid. It is not	 its see through lace. (They could change that with a better description).  And that's fine	 but its not very supportive for a large chested person like me. Considering it's only going to be worn for about 5 minutes max that is not really a problem. Do note that the stitching is solid	 and should hold. The form fitting-ness (or lack there of) in the bra however makes it so that you aren't supported or held into place.	review_date"
"This is a very nice piece of lingerie and actually supports me pretty well. I am 5鈥? and weigh 125 pounds in size small is perfect. I love it just as much as my lingerie that costs 3X as much	review_date"
"I had fairly low expectations	 I mostly got it as an \almost\"" gag thing	 but with hope. I was NOT disappointed. This thing is amazing. Extremely soft	 very sexy	 easy to put on and easy to take off (ow ow!). I will say the thong had some to be desired"
"Decided to order this lingerie cause of the style and price point. I ordered it size large and in the plum color. When I received my order I was happy to find the color to be true and the material to be soft and not scratchy. I was pleasantly surprised with the embroidery of the design and how nice it was	 especially for what I paid for.Just as a warning	 this  product really does run large	 so I suggest really sizing down 1 or even 2 sizes. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and wear a 38 D. Kinda wish I would have ordered one more size down.Besides it running a little big and wishing the clasp was more sturdy	 overal I am really satisfied with my purchase. Thinking of buying again in a different color and smaller size!Oh and the bottoms of this set are pretty basic and seem a little flimsy but for what this product is intended for	 I don鈥檛 think that matters much!	review_date"
"This is cute and its so comfy to sleep in. I weigh 140 and I got a small. Boobs tend to slip out a lot while I was asleep and I'm not all that busty. Other then that its a great product with a small clip to connect the front of the bra. It also gives you a sexy curvy shape  and comes with the thong as well	review_date"
"I purchased this for my fiancee and i have to admit that it looks great on her.  She is plus sized and the teddy cups her and shows off her assets in just the right places.  The straps can be adjusted to cinch and show off the cleavage to its fullest advantage. The top was a little too big but it did not detract from how it compliments her.  the bottom/panty fits her perfectly.  I got the lingerie in purple and it was a great choice plus the material is silky soft.	review_date"
"Just love this lingerie. It is soft	 comfortable and sexy!  Wow can that be possible!  My husband loved it too!  Just keep in mind that it runs a little big so size down one size.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this item. It fit perfectly and was just as described. It looks fantastic on and the material is soft and rich. It looks much more expensive than I paid for it. The quality is exceptional especially the embroidery around the bust. The thong was a bit of a throw away item though. It ran very large and fit can only be described as inadequate.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly	 is adorable	 and fianc茅 loved it. It is flattering on a curvier woman and the quality is great for the price.	review_date"
"This item was very beautifulThe size chart matched my size exactly	review_date"
"Very comfortable. I鈥檓 super shy when it comes to putting on lingerie but this one covers all the right places. Makes me way more confident. Of course hubby loved it! Scored! 馃槉	review_date"
"I love the sexy design of this bodysuit but had to remove the eyelashes. During the day	 it works well with jeans and a  top. At night	 it's comfortable enough to be my nightie.	review_date"
"I love this piece of lingerie! I am a bigger girl so I'm really picky about stuff like this and how it fits.  This fits exactly as it should.  It covers all the appropriate places and stays in place.  The material is very soft and comfortable too	not itchy at all!!	review_date"
"Gorgeous! I ordered one size down from my normal since others mentioned it running big and it fits perfect. The fabric is a very soft mesh and it has a slide clasp on the front.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 perfect !  Sexy but comfy !Very flattering on body.I鈥檓 5鈥?34C  and it fit perfect !  Purchasing more colors !	review_date"
"Product fit great! Super cute on!	review_date"
"This lingirie is so sexy! Fabric is really soft and light. Design is really really nice that i feel so sexy in it. Husband鈥檚 favorite part is the snap lock in front. Length is so pwrfect (not too long and not too short) and its true to size.	review_date"
"This is perfect if you are like me and want to hide the tummy area a little. It cascades nicely and hides my least comfortable area. I wish there was some kind of support in the bust area but all in all	 it is fabulous!  It is well constructed	 gorgeous and sexy.	review_date"
"It is a pretty outfit. Fits well with a bra on. The color was exactly the same. Came with a thong	 as mentioned. Overall	 Worth the purchase!	review_date"
"To start	 the product is more of a wine color	 not the vibrant red shown which was not a big deal. However	 the clasp in the front is a pathetic piece of plastic that took me ages to figure out how to connect. (Even then it doesn鈥檛 stay connected/slides apart easily.) Additionally	 the edges of the garment were crudely cut. We鈥檙e talking jagged corners and frayed sides. Did give it 2 stars because it is cute and would be fine for a one time use sort of thing. Just not for a gift like I intended.	review_date"
"This is a cheaply made product. The clasp is plastic and does not keep closed. Does not push up like the picture shows. Waist of money	review_date"
"I really like this product it fit well and it鈥檚 very comfortable. it鈥檚 not bright red	 it鈥檚 a maroon red. Overall I really love this product. I am about 4鈥?1 and about 135 pounds and it fit very well.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 the blue is a good royal.  The detail on the top is nice and the hem doesn鈥檛 fray.  Very comfortable.  I didn鈥檛 realize it鈥檚 a tie front"
"The material is not very strong. It looks great but I feel the clasp in the front could break easily. It is okay just not very durable and probably will not last for long. It is a really pretty blue and it arrived quickly. Would recommend some with a large bust to size up the cups are small. I purchased my normal size. Not bad for the price.	review_date"
"This is a really beautiful set. I love the stitching on the bodice (so pretty).	review_date"
"Hot	 sexy	 soft	 comfotable and hubby loved it!	review_date"
"very nice quality and very flattering	review_date"
"After reading the reviews	 I ordered a size larger than I normally get. It was way too big! 36DDD	 180lbs. I ordered XL	 should have gotten a large. Claps to close does not work as its turned the wrong way and created a twist at the closure.	review_date"
"Love the color of the lingerie! True to size	 fits great	 comfortable. Very sexy.	review_date"
"I'm a size 32D and a XS in shirts	 the fit was perfect. I was a little scared it was going to fit a little big on me	 but it didn't.  This set is super flirty and comfortable! I love how it clips in the front and the fabric is a great quality for the price point.	review_date"
"I really wish this and other brands would start carrying XS. I ordered a small and it is just too large. Wish there wasn't so much space between the boob fabric. Design is cute and I like the fabric	 just wish it was smaller. (For reference: 5'5\	 bra size 32 C or D	 101 lbs)""	review_date"
"I'm 5 8	 140 lbs. Fit well. Breast fabric is very far apart.	review_date"
"I love everything about this chemise. It fits perfectly	 the lace is beautiful	 love the skirt and it's super sexy. My husband loves it on me.	review_date"
"It's nice and flowy	 very comfortable and sexy. And ladies believe me it doesn't matter what lingerie you are wearing your man will love it.	review_date"
"Looked very good on her	review_date"
"It's very pretty and hubby liked it but the from clasp would not stay hooked. I need to add Velcro or a ribbon tie to it	review_date"
"The top fit great.  I really liked it. But the thong that came with was soooooo small. I didnt end up wearing it. I had to purchase something else to wear.	review_date"
"Love it!!!!  Very flattering.	review_date"
"I love the dark red this is a gorgeous piece	 I got it for a boudoir photo shoot and for my hunneymoon. The only thing i do not like	 is haveing a larger chest I had to get a bra to make my boobs look as geat as the lady in the picture. Over all a great buy.	review_date"
"Ordered this for a Anniversary trip my husband and I were going on.  Let鈥檚 just say it fit wonderful andbmy husband love it.	review_date"
"My FAVORITE brand of lingerie on Amazon	 hands down.  Perfect fit	 amazing quality.  You won't be disappointed! Will be buying more!!!	review_date"
"Ladies this is very sleek	 see though and will turn your man on as soon as you put it on馃挅 very comfortable and fits to size	review_date"
"Super cute fit. Runs big	review_date"
"fits a little small at the top but overall i love it	review_date"
"My Wife Said:The product came quickly and looked better than expected. Good quality and great color. Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"This is a nice product.  The lace feature on top is comfortable.  The sizing is spot on	 even for a plus size model.  The material has a little stretch to it and also has flow that adds to the sex appeal. I would recommend this to anyone and will definitely be back to order in more colors.	review_date"
"the  top fit perfectly and it feels great the  quality  feels  really soft  i like how it makes me feel  cuz it looks good on me  the panties are  a bit large on me  lenth wise  they feel good just a bit big	review_date"
"Absolutely my new favorite lingerie set! The material is so soft and comfortable. Looks exactly as shown in the pictures and arrived on time as well. My fiance can't keep his hands off me when I wear it! Bought it a size bigger just in case the sizes ran small but didn't need to at all. Will be ordering more from this company and definitely several other colors from this particular set! Thanks Klier!	review_date"
"The bust closure doesn't stay clipped	 no matter how big or small your bust is. But very sexy otherwise	review_date"
"Love it and so does BF...	review_date"
"Fit was as expected	 the feathers at the top were a bit itchy	 but it made my boyfriend very happy. All in all	 I loved the product.	review_date"
"I got a medium and it's a little bigger then I thought I would be but I'm hesitant on returning it for a smaller size.. other then that the material is sorta and it's really good quality	review_date"
"I love this. Very	 very pretty. only complaint is that the front clasp was sewed on backwards.	review_date"
"I really love the front closure hook. It is easy to get on and off. Looks beautiful	review_date"
"My husband LOVED this! It is very comfortable to wear and looks so elegant! Color is great as well!	review_date"
"I order my Klier V Neck Floral Lace Lingerie so i can use it on \Valentines Day\"" but when i got it	 i couldn't resist using it before! Its beautiful! I love that i get what it was showing on the picture and also the quality of the lace is very good and so soft. Im gonna have to buy another one for valentines day ! 馃槢""	review_date"
"The design is lovely and it鈥檚 well made! But I ordered a small and it鈥檚 absolutely huge and sort of baggy :(	review_date"
"This is actually pretty nice! I鈥檓 a 36DD so I ordered a large. It wasn鈥檛 too big so I鈥檓 returning for a medium. The material is soft and a comfortable fit. Let鈥檚 be serious	 it also not perfect but who needs that when it will be worn for 5 minutes flat?!	review_date"
"This is exactly as pictured. The material is nicer than I expected and it looks really good on. It's just a little bit difficult to unclasp	review_date"
"Would recommend this cute	 adorable little set. Comes with a cute red thong!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful and soft. I wear a size 12/14 in jeans so I bought the large. But I think a medium would have gave better Brest  support. But overall it鈥檚 lovely.	review_date"
"Just as pictured	 so flattering	 got nothing but good to say about it!!	review_date"
"I don't like this nightie because it doesn't hold the breast section like the pic portrays it does.	review_date"
"Sexy. Didn't expect the middle to be all open but he likes it.	review_date"
"It's nice. I love the purple color. Only complaint that I have is the closer infront between the breast does not want to completely snap together.	review_date"
"Very sexy piece. Comfortable. A little big but it will work. Quite a conversation piece.	review_date"
"This is a lot thinner than the picture would suggest. The part covering your breasts is just sheer lace. Not quite what I had hoped.	review_date"
"The breast cups are a little smaller than pictured. I had to wear pasties so to not be fully revealing.	review_date"
"Went by sizing and is way big. Soft and pretty just to big.	review_date"
"I love the material	 I also have one in red definitely a keeper	review_date"
"This looked so much better than I thought it would. I absolutely loved it (I got the red).. But	 it was a little loose around my chest. I'm 5'4	 128lbs	 34B and I got the small.	review_date"
"Sooo sexyyyy.  Perfect for small breasted woman. As the stripes don鈥檛 have much support for a bigger size breast.	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect and did what it was supposed to for me.	review_date"
"Like all women鈥檚 clothing size is a little different for every product. I usually wear about a size 14-16 or XL	 I saw reviews that said they ran slightly small so I ordered a XXL and it fit perfectly! Material is soft and my boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect. Steal of a price too!	review_date"
"Boooyah! I love it on the wifey!	review_date"
"I love it	 it's comfortable and cute but the lace half on mine wasn't attached properly or was ripped and came undone after trying it on the first time on the one side	review_date"
"Love this	 very sexy and flattering	review_date"
"Loved this nighty! He loved it too	 so sexy!!	review_date"
"It fits well looks good nice material	 silky feels good very comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 great quality. It does run a little big so be mindful of that.	review_date"
"Just as advertised	true to size	review_date"
"Would've loved to give this item 4 or 5 stars but unfortunately it didn't fit as well as I would have liked in the bust area and although there are straps they aren't helpful.	review_date"
"Awesome especially for the price	review_date"
"I'm not sure who the thong was made for so I couldn't/didn't wear them. Also the clasp was upside down so I had to twist it to turn it around so it could snap	 luckily this did not make the top itself twist. Got what I paid for.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for and this one is as cheap as it gets.	review_date"
"A little worry when I bought this ligerie	 but our anxiety was over as soon as I unpacked and held it.Really soft	 comfortable and sexy! You do not know until you really try it. Would buy another color in a heartbeat!	review_date"
"This is very SEXY great teddy	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Very sexy	 comfortable	review_date"
"This lingerie is sexy but the boob area wasn't tight enough. I wear 38dd but I kept it cause it's sexy. I can use a clasp to make it tight	review_date"
"Beautiful thing makes me happy.	review_date"
"I like the chest area	 however it's pretty low quality and poorly made.	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"Very cute	 I like the clasp in the front of the outfit	 it makes me feel cute 馃槉	review_date"
"S煤per lindo y muy c贸modo	review_date"
"Cute. True to size.	review_date"
"Super sexy and silky and soft! Can鈥檛 wait to wear it!!!	review_date"
"It was ok but the red is definitely more of a maroon color. It also didn鈥檛 fit as well uptop. I thought it would offer more lift than it did. My fianc茅 did love it enough to shred it off me so it got the job done at least	review_date"
"This fit well and is silky smooth.  Very sexy little outfit my wife loves to wear for me.	review_date"
"Good material i am a size 34b for bra	 5'1 and weight 125 and use S or M for shirts and M for panties.. I got a M. The top its a little big but not too much i can still use it and looks good	 the panties they fit good	review_date"
"Very nice color	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. I love it!	review_date"
"Not exactly what I expected	review_date"
"It was perfect! Color was perfect	 fit was perfect. Looks incredibly sexy on! Boyfriend loved it	 and the girls from my boudoir shoot absolutely adored it! Will definitely buy in a few other colors	 as well!	review_date"
"This product perfectly matched its description. The gstring is unnecessary though.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Fit nice. Flattering. The g-string that it comes with was defective	 so that was a little disappointing	 but overall I was very happy with it	review_date"
"cheap looking Just do not like	review_date"
"My husband love this outfit on me. And I'm sort of a plus size girl. I feel very comfortable in this and I like the way way it is flowy.	review_date"
"definitely disappointed. not worth a dollar in my opinion.	review_date"
"I was impressed with the quality and price. It's very comfortable	 easily adjustable to fit perfectly	 and affordable. Looking forward to wearing this on my honeymoon	review_date"
"Really cute	 true to size	 latches in the front	review_date"
"This is such a flattering piece of lingerie. Go with your normal size in clothes. I love this and would recommend!	review_date"
"Runs a little small but beautiful	review_date"
"I love it I just need a smaller size	review_date"
"The material is super smooth and soft.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Very Good quality. Looks like something from VS. Will order more!	review_date"
"Cost of Poor Quality	review_date"
"This product does not fit the bust area and it is obvious where the clasp is at it has a huge gap down the middle which does not make it attractive	review_date"
"Baby! It鈥檚 true to size! I ordered mines to large thinking it was like some of the other ones that run small	review_date"
"Nice quality made nightie	review_date"
"Easy to put on and take off	 incredibly silky and soft	 and very flattering on an A cup.	review_date"
"Great product for the price.  Would highly reccommend!	review_date"
"So cute!	review_date"
"It is oke	 is a little ti big on me but its nice material and its comfortable	review_date"
"Soft and beautiful	 my husband loved it.	review_date"
"I bought this for a bridal shower.I loved how this looked on my wife very sexy. She loves it! Thank you!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly!	review_date"
"The color was beautiful and fit great the clasp In the front was just poorly made	review_date"
"Love this and so does my boyfriend	review_date"
"Not crazy about the front closure but love the fabric.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"The RED on the picture is totally not the red you'll get. It's loose from the straps	 overall not as pictured	review_date"
"Was perfect	review_date"
"It fit just right! Made my girls look perfect! Felt sexy!	review_date"
"Received the other day love the fabric super soft and very flattering.	review_date"
"Seductive	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this!!! It fit great. I would recommend to many.	review_date"
"Fits like it said and looks great on me.	review_date"
"nice product..good quality.	review_date"
"Great quality and looks exactly like it is pictured.very satisfied	review_date"
"It looked good! No complaints!	review_date"
"What a hit night that was.	review_date"
"Super soft material and really flattering.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 support breasts as much as pictured	review_date"
"Looks cute	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Runs small. 40C was small on XL	review_date"
"Fit perfectly..  Sizing is spot on.	review_date"
"He liked it.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Great piece	review_date"
"No G-string was included	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"Worked GREAT.	review_date"
"Great gift	review_date"
"Thank you	review_date"
"I wanted to love it because I think it's very pretty	 but I tried a medium \u0026 a small	  I'm a 36b	 5'5\	 150lbs and my final judgment is that this looks better if you've got a decent amount of natural cleavage to work with	 and the clip in the middle is kind of an eyesore	 if I had kept this teddy I definitely would've removed the clip and sewn it closed.""	review_date"
"Lovely! My husband love to seeing me in this lingerie! 馃榿	review_date"
"beautiful piece you won鈥檛 regret buying	 I got a medium and it was a bit big in the boobs area. I am usually a medium I find that this item runs big.	review_date"
Beautiful lingerie at a great price. I ordered the blue and it is a gorgeous shade. I definitely felt attractive wearing this and my husband agrees!! We look forward to using this often. 
"Beautiful. I am 5'2 150pds. 38C. Purchased a black in large. Able to wear a sexy black lace push up bra under it. It looks like a sexy dress.Wanted to buy one in every color but they are sold out.	review_date"
"Good material but the small runs big for petite women you guys should make XS if small can fit a medium n large it didn鈥檛 get me excited to wear it	review_date"
"If you're thinking about getting this	 do it! Best fitting piece of lingerie I have ever ordered on Amazon! It's exactly as pictured and looked great on. I weigh around 135 pounds and I wear a size 34C and the small fit me perfectly.	review_date"
"I liked the front of this	 however the the back was not the same as in the pictures. The item in the pics is closer to a thong bottom and the item I received was a nearly full bottom - NOT cute. Additionally	 the color was different - I ordered wine red and what I received was more raspberry. For those of you checking for size	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 36B (bordering on A)	 130 lbs	 athletic build	 and the small fit me perfectly. If the bottom was a thong	 I would have kept this and given 4 stars.	review_date"
"I bought this for a wedding boudoir photoshoot and I鈥檓 really glad that I did! The lace is soft	 light	 and absolutely looks more expensive than what I paid for. After it arrived	 I went shopping at places like Victoria鈥檚 Secret	 Frederics	 etc (I needed a second outfit)	 and I really	 truly did not find anything there that I liked more than this.Because my fianc茅e isn鈥檛 a huge fan of thong or g-string styles	 this was perfect鈥攖he bottom has a bikini fit. That being said	 if you are petite (I鈥檓 5鈥? with B cups	 110lbs)	 it鈥檚 going to be a smidge too big. The waistline sat too high on me after tying it up and the bottom was a hit loose. The longline halter did make it suitable for breasts of all sizes	 although I suspect that it may not look as good on women with breasts smaller than B cup.The only thing I would change is to give this a higher leg cut to help elongate legs and help the booty out (remember	 it has a full bottom!). Other than that	 this a great peice is lingerie.For all the brides out there	 this is a perfect mix of pretty and sexy for the wedding night!	review_date"
"I wasn鈥檛 happy when I got this because in the description written	 there was inaccurate information on the design. It was a little smaller than expected but wasn鈥檛 unwearable. I have a bigger bust and the halter would not stay tied to hold it in	 which only works if you are wearing it as lingerie and not as part of an outfit. I wanted to return but missed my window. Super annoying when they send you stuff in containers that cannot be resealed. I would have got the shipping but had to buy a container to put it in. That doesn鈥檛 feel like typical prime standards.	review_date"
"I am very happy with my purchase. I wanted to buy something cute without spending $40 or more. The fabric is soft and Delicate.I ordered Medium and It fits as expected .I am 5鈥?鈥?	 139 pounds and size 34D.This is a good product for the  price you pay.	review_date"
"This looks and feels much more expensive than the price would suggest.  The color is perfect in person	 and the seams give it such a classic / retro / pin-up vibe.  The fit is very generous too	 meaning the leg holes aren't cutting off my circulation	 etc.  It's flattering on my small bust.  I'm 5'8	 122lbs	 small chested and wear about size 4 in jeans	 usually a small or x-small top... I always wear a large in \cheeky\"" style panties"
"The orange color (more like coral) is gorgeous. The lace isn't scratchy and if I didn't have such a long torso this would have gotten 5 stars and a fit as expected. I ordered the large based off other reviews and the size chart. The large does fit	 but my long torso means I have to stretch it a bit to get the halter to fit the way I'd like. I'm keeping it because it is gorgeous and I can work with it.	review_date"
"What I like - the way the waist part looks on me	 it鈥檚 a cute design.What I didn鈥檛 like - the butt part fits like a bathing suit bottom it is not even close to thong like and honestly makes the suit look way less attractive.Now I have boobs that are 34C and this was probs the worst thing I could get. It did not hold them at all which was my fault. But the way the top part was I don鈥檛 think girls with smaller boobs would appreciate it either. It鈥檚 nice that you can tie the top part around your neck but even my tightest does not hold my girls.	review_date"
"This did not even remotely fit and I can't really imagine who this could fit. The chest is spread shockingly far apart.	review_date"
"I love it! A little snug getting it over my hips	 but overall great fit!I'm 5'4 and 175lbs. I got a large.	review_date"
"The lingerie is a beautiful piece. I ordered a small	 I am about 5'5 135 lbs... the small fit	 but I probably would have ordered a Medium in hindsight. The small is just a bit snug.. not a lot	 but to be a little more comfy	 I would recommend to size up if you might be in between sizes. Nice material	 and the waistband hits just perfect at my waist	 so it does look very pretty.	review_date"
"Very cute	 but NOT crotchless. Main thing I searched for and was very disappointed this was not the case. Still gave it two stars	 considering it is still a cute/sexy design. The material is not the best quality but considering you only wear it a few times at best	 it's worth the price. Just don't expect crotchless.	review_date"
"well you already know what I鈥檓 using this for and it definitely serves its purpose. it鈥檚 cute and looks just like the picture. it ties around your neck and your boobies can stay in place because you control how tight. very stretchy and gives a very nice shape. it鈥檚 a little loose around the ass but I鈥檓 not too concerned. you鈥檙e only wearing it for a couple minutes before it comes off right? I am 5鈥?鈥?140-150lbs and a 34DDD. it鈥檚 great	review_date"
"This is not a wine red. This is a fire engine red. Really disappointed in the color because it washes me out. Besides that the piece is great. It ties behind the neck so it's easy to adjust just how you want it. I'm 5'4\ and weigh 140 and the small fits me fine. It's super stretchy and very flattering""	review_date"
"I purchased a small and I'm 5'9\ weighing 140 lbs. I was afraid it would be too short on me but it just fit. I like the way it looks and feels. More side boobage than photo indicates	 but nothing falls out. "
"After reading all the reviews I wasn't sure what to expect but thought I would give it a try. I. Love. It!!!! The material is super soft	 has a nice stretch to it and is beautiful!I'm 138lbs 36C and I got a small.Highly recommended to spice up lingerie selection!	review_date"
"Ordered a medium which fits nicely. I鈥檓 5鈥? with a small chest but curvy body. Very nice lingerie	 quality material. Although the only drawback is that the top is two strings you have to tie so if you鈥檙e trying to wear under something strings are visable.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 but the color is off a bit... more like a North Carolina Panthers blue as opposed to the periwinkle shown. Also the back panty area isn't like the picture	 its definitely full back and wasn't what I was looking for	 thus I returned.	review_date"
"Soooooo Cheaply made	review_date"
"The product was a wonderful fit. I did not like that the top had to be tied and did not have a clasp to look more classy. The color was a BRIGHT red	 almost Christmas like	 so I would not consider wine red.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 great other than the boob part being waaaay too far apart. I鈥檓 not sure whose boobs sit like that but mine would absolutely not stay in. I also had to get a size up (based on the size chart) but it fit really well everywhere except the top	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very beautiful and fits me well	  I鈥檓 very large on the chest area and it鈥檚 hard for me to find something that fits  but make sure you wash it in a washable net or it will tear	review_date"
"I was worried this wouldn't fit because I'm 5'2 and 98 pounds roughly but surprisingly the small fit really well. the strings that tie in the back probably is what really helped this fit. the strings aren't like the most comfortable things in the world and the material isn't like an amazing quality but like for the price I would say this product is really good!	review_date"
"Super sexy. I wore this on the airplane to go visit my man and it was comfortable under my normal clothes. He was surprised and delighted when he discovered I was wearing it!	review_date"
"This looks exactly like the pictures and it feels like high end lace. It is definitely worth the price and I have recommended it to multiple friends. I purchased the red and will likely buy other colors because it's so cute. If you wear pasties	 you could wear this as a shirt for going out.	review_date"
"I tried this on last night and it fit perfectly. It was the quality I expected for the price. I would post a pic but it's pretty see-through...	review_date"
"Lovely fit. Nice priced babydoll. It feels very comfortable on	 and the material feels soft and comfortable too. I would buy more of these in the future. 5* item. Thank you.	review_date"
"Cute	  but too big/loose	review_date"
"Super cute and great quality! I always feel so sexy when I wear it! Not really meant for big chested girls	 but still works.. there is just more to show. "
"Flattering and makes me feel sexy! I'm 5'7\	 150 pounds	 around a 34C	 and I ordered a medium (my normal size). It fit great and boyfriend was a happy camper.""	review_date"
"It was okay	 I tried it	 and wore it a few times	 but it just isn't really me. I dont think the deep v framed my chest well.	review_date"
"This made me feel so sexy and so attractive that I never wanted to take it off once i tried it on. I felt so good about myself and it鈥檚 so worth the money just for that aspect but it鈥檚 also so worth it when wearing it for someone else to see too	review_date"
"This is such a pretty piece of lingerie. I'm 5'2	 130 lbs	 36 B cup and I've got a big bootay and the small fits me perfect.	review_date"
"I am about 130lb. The small size fits me perfectly. It is exactly what I look for. Good quality.	review_date"
"exactly as shown in the picture	 pretty	 sexy	 well made	 fits great. I like it	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\	 about 150lbs with big boobs and a butt and the medium was perfect. Looked even cuter than expected	 love it!""	review_date"
"Great buy just as described- fit me perfectly. Good quality fabric too! Boyfriend loved it !	review_date"
"The material is very fraile feeling. Prone to be ripped	review_date"
"The color is gorgeous and the fit is great! I ordered a small and I have a 36 inch hip	 26 waist	 and i wear a 32d bra.	review_date"
"fits great and comfortable looks hot. Material is good feel like nothing.	review_date"
"Great fit looks like the picture. A little stretch to it fabric has a nice feel to it.	review_date"
"supper happy!!! nice material	 good quality!!  fit just right	review_date"
"Great price for great quality. I now will be ordering another one	review_date"
"I love this design and nice cutting .material is soft and high quality.	review_date"
"Fit and looks amazing on my gf.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 so I thought I would need to size up to an XL to get enough length but the adjustable straps make it fit perfectly as a L! Love it!!	review_date"
"Looove it. For the price is excellent!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 lbs ordered medium- fits perfect just not as booty fit as pictured. Loved it- fianc茅 really loved it too. I recommend	review_date"
"What an amamzing little nighty for the value!	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
So cute!! It fits perfect
"I'm 135-140 and my measurements are 37 27 37 and I went with a medium so that I knew it would fit my waist but I'm also a 34DD so I am (comfortably) spilling out of it. Overall it looks just as pictured and the fit was good for the price!	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks just like the picture and good quality	review_date"
"130 lbs and 5鈥?I got a small and it fit perfectly! The shape and details accentuated my curves! If it wasn鈥檛 see through and clearly lingerie 	 then I鈥檇 wear it as a swimsuit	review_date"
"This one piece is amazing. I am 5ft tall and 125 lbs and it fit every inch of my body. I am a 34B cup and the lace was so comfortable and stretchy. Beyond sexy. I will be ordering more colors. This is a must buy!!!!	review_date"
"This product is beautiful. I ordered a large and I鈥檓 5	5鈥?162. I should鈥檝e ordered a size up. But it is exactly as described and looks the same in the pictures. It was totally my fault for getting the wrong size	review_date"
"Really cute! Fits great	 I was nervous about the style but it鈥檚 actually really flattering	review_date"
"Love it. True to size. 5鈥? 145. Medium	review_date"
"While it's pretty it came ripped so wont be able to use!!	review_date"
"I love how affordable it is but the quality looks like I spent a lot. I ordered small and it fit as expected. Will order in other colors as well!	review_date"
"I like this bodysuit. Looks flattering and sexy. The material is kind of cheap	 but that's expected knowing how much an expensive lingerie cost	 and the price this one has.	review_date"
"So hot. Fits perfectly. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 143 pounds	 pear-shaped.	review_date"
"Its soft and sexy hides my tummy flaws. Love it	review_date"
"I liked the quality. I was surprised that you tie the halter but it鈥檚 still ok.	review_date"
"Very cute. Next time I will order a small.	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie	review_date"
"Very impress by the material! So pretty	review_date"
"This item exceeded my expectations it is beautiful!!	review_date"
"Better fit than I expected! I absolutely love this piece! Can鈥檛 wait until the cruise to show this bad boy off in the room!	review_date"
"Super baggy in the stomach area	review_date"
"Little bit loose at the top no matter how hard I tie it	 but that鈥檚 more of a small-boob problem than anything else. Super cute and comfy!	review_date"
"Super sexy! Love love love it!	review_date"
"This is so beautiful on ! The fit is perfect. Going to order in more colors soon !	review_date"
"Next time	 f there is a next time will get it large	review_date"
"This ties around the neck. I ordered a small fits perfect! 145lbs	review_date"
"Fits perfect!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly!! So happy with it	review_date"
"I love it can鈥檛 wait to wear it	review_date"
"Really sexy	 love the way it looks on me. Just a little small but it鈥檚 not too bad!	review_date"
"Beautiful piece. Fit as expected. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"I love this so much! I ordered a green in medium and the color is just how I saw it on my screen. The size is as I would expect	 I usually wear US dress size 4/6	 I鈥檓 about 5鈥? 120lbs 36B and 36in hips	 it fits as most mediums fit me. It鈥檚 soft	 stretchy and hooray for adjustable straps so I don鈥檛 fall out of the top! I don鈥檛 think it鈥檚 too short (and I have things run short on me often) but I also didn鈥檛 plan on wearing it around anyone that I鈥檇 mind accidentally seeing my bum	 so I guess it depends on what you鈥檙e looking for! I鈥檒l probably order more colors	 it鈥檚 such a classic!	review_date"
"Very soft and silky  A size large fit my 172 pound frame nicely but I took a 2 stars off for the misleading picture of the length of the item. It is very short. You would need a light robe with this for sure. I must admit if I had known how short the night shirt was	 I would not have ordered. The chest was very large but offers zero support	 so may not be suitable for anyone over a C cup. A redeeming quality is that the straps are adjustable. I was able to adjust it to fit my C cup chest.	review_date"
"I was looking for some comfortable nightgowns that were super soft and I had no idea what material that was. I took a risk but I LOVE THESE. I got the black and the red	 they are the slinky type of material that hugs your curves but is not tight at all	 it is super comfy. The straps are fully adjustable which is a plus for girls like me with a short torso. I am also very slim	 34-24-36 and it fit me nicely	 not in the waist of course	 a bit big but overall looks great and feels great I am super satisfied.	review_date"
"Product is great and looks great on	 however I purchased a small and had expected it to be skittle more fitted like the picture	 it was not. Was kinda disappointed because I bought two but nothing that I couldn鈥檛 live with. I don鈥檛 think the sizes are to accurate	 I鈥檓 normally a size 3-5 waist and 34d cup size I bought a small.	review_date"
"This was a hit. If you are not the \sexy lacey lady\"" type this is the piece for you. I bought this in grey	 XL. I'm 5'7 around 180lb. This item falls just right. It wasn't tight so I felt comfy but still got the desired attention. You may even want to go a size down for a closer fit. The material is tshirt soft. You will forget you're wearing lingerie...but your SO will not.""	review_date"
"It was well made with very comfy fabric	 and really cute	 but I had to return it because it was waaay too big.  I鈥檓 5鈥? and about 115 lbs and ordered a medium after reading other reviews if that helps.	review_date"
"Fits nicely! Love this nightgown. Will buy more	review_date"
"5'8\	 200lbs	 and XXL was perfect. Comfy cloth	 the triangle back is cute.Top isn't as flattering as the photo... unless	 of course	 you've paid for the implants	 too.""	review_date"
"I really only wear this occasionally because I'm not much of a red person -- it feels like I'm putting on a big show when I wear red. But I loved it for the xmas season and I'll wear it again around valentines. It's fairly short	 but not uncomfortably. The fit is really flattering and the embroidery is very pretty. It was totally worth the price. For reference	 I'm 5'10\ 145lbs	 and I got the small. It shows a lot of leg	 but I find the cut very attractive.""	review_date"
"I almost bought a medium because that's my normal size but I'm so glad I sized up. This little number is super short! But made me feel super feminine and sexy! My husband loved it (this is his account lol). For reference I'm 5'7\	 145lbs and tall/athletic build. The straps are adjustable which I really liked too.""	review_date"
"I loved this night gown. It was sexy	 yet very comfy. It is super soft as well. I'm 5'1 175 ps and I ordered a large due to my breast size	 and it fits great. I probably could have sized down though. I love the adjustable straps and the way that is flows. I'll definitely be ordering more of these.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and love it. Looks just like the picture	review_date"
"Fits nicely	 it is shorter than pictured	 but picture number 7 seems to do justice. The last picture(8) they definitely pulled the slip down as far as it could go. (compare where her finger tips are in both) However I probably love it even more	 bought it only to wear around fiance anyway("
"I have this in gray and red	 I love it!  So soft and perfect when you want to entice	 but also be comfortable!	review_date"
"Love this fabric and fit! I got smalls in everything I ordered I got 7 nightgowns and a kimono all in small. That only thing is it is pretty short but that was my bad! But it is beautiful!	review_date"
"Bought it as a gift for my significant other. She loves it and wears it to sleep.	review_date"
"Love this chemise! It's so soft and comfortable and hugs my curves in all the right places. It's comfortable enough to sleep in	 and sexy enough to get the attention you want. I'm thinking of buying another one.	review_date"
"It feels really nice and is a good length. The only thing I don鈥檛 like is the tighting little pieces move towards the front of the chest instead of the back and it feels just barely itchy	 but it was way better than I ever expected.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a little short but it鈥檚 so cute and comfortable	 it doesn鈥檛 bother me. I might eventually end up buying another color.	review_date"
"Not a real red in color- it was more of a burnt orange.  I ended up returning it due to color	review_date"
"Ok	 anything looks sexy on that model! But this looks good on me	 too. And it will look great on you. Soft	 too. And washed up great on cold	 no shrinking. Pretty true to size.	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly and is super soft	 what more can you ask for?	review_date"
"This slip is so freaking soft and gorgeous. I love it. For those of you who mind	 it is also very short. Comes just past my cheeks. For reference	 I am 5'7\ - 195 lbs and pretty hourglass shaped (means I gotta round booty). I ordered the size XXL.""	review_date"
"So comfortable and size was just right	review_date"
"Lovvvvvve this. So adorable. Fits so well. My breasts are contained and it鈥檚 so comfy. Sexy and flattering. I am a 38DD	 190lbs and 5鈥?鈥? The fabric is nice and soft with stretch. I got a large. And it鈥檚 perfect. Love love love.	review_date"
"Love it. The material is so soft!	review_date"
"Super cute - I am 5'8\ and a curvy 162lbs - fit perfect""	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy	 comfy	 and the green is super pretty	review_date"
"Great product and fits as expected	review_date"
"Love it fit as expected.....very sexy ...but not too overboard!	review_date"
"Looks and feels great!	review_date"
"Very thin material but it is a nice green thoughBe very careful washing it since it seems paper thinBut looks sexy though	review_date"
"Love this! So cute and comfy. I got a size small which is my usual sizing. I will definitely add more of their nightgowns to my collection.	review_date"
"Comfortable fit	 adjustable straps. Really soft and cute. Fits like a slip	 no support.	review_date"
"I fell in love with this nightgown. It doesn鈥檛 feel grandma-y	 and it鈥檚 super cool and comfortable!	review_date"
"Way too small it looks like a shirt. After I had my babies I put on a lot of weight I'm not a plus size so with me still looking pregnant this was not flattering. I look horrible in this so I gave it to my mom.	review_date"
"Fits mom just right! Dad happy too!!	review_date"
"Order it鈥檚  Sexy and comfortable!	review_date"
"She loved it and wife looks amazing	 we plan on getting more	review_date"
"came really quickly	 simply packaged but more than enough to keep it clean. looks amazing on and off lol..	review_date"
"Love this piece! It鈥檚 comfortable and sexy馃槉 it鈥檚 great for nights where you don鈥檛 want to really have to get all did up but this still makes you look like you put in effort!lol	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and she loves it.  The fit was just as described.	review_date"
"This is the gown you put on for bed when you are feeling pretty	 but also chilling (relaxing). Sexy	 but not overdone.	review_date"
"I love it. It's so soft and cinfortabke and its fits perfectly. Its my go to above my Victorias secrets.	review_date"
"This one seemed to run bigger than all the other avidlove things that I have (and I do have a lot) but I love the color and how soft it is! Very comfortable and cute	review_date"
"This slip is cute	 comfortable \u0026 the sizing is right on.	review_date"
"Pretty 	 soft and comfortable	review_date"
"Very sexy and beautiful. Fits well. Washes well also	review_date"
"Love the green. Fits comfy and still sexy. Gonna get more colors	review_date"
"super comfortable! love it	review_date"
"It was great for a month until it started tearing apart at the seams.	review_date"
"Absolutely love the stretchy	 yet clingy material! I ordered the XL	 which fit great through the body	 however I鈥檓 a DDD in the bust so it ran just a bit small for me through there. I will definitely order another one of these!	review_date"
"This is so dang cute! Love the color it鈥檚 silky feeling. It is short though but super cute.	review_date"
"Super soft and crazy comfortable! Easily one of my favorite nighties!	review_date"
"The material is so soft and comfortable. Got a size small	 it wasn't too tight or too lose just fits perfectly! Glad I got this.	review_date"
"It fits great but it was a bit short just as most people commented	review_date"
"Gift	review_date"
"LOVE THIS! SUPER SOFT AND SEXY YET COMFORTBALE	review_date"
"Very soft. Stitching is appropriate. So far so good. I wear mediums but I got this in a large	 which is perfect.	review_date"
"Love this little sexy nightie and so so my man! I am 5鈥?	115lb and it short on me after washing!	review_date"
"I liked it	review_date"
"very comfortable	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Small fitting	review_date"
"thin material	review_date"
"Fit is clingy	 but comfortable.	review_date"
"Very cute. But the lace in the front is cut incorrectly so the lace trim is completely uneven and asymmetrical. There are lots of strings hanging all around the lace.	review_date"
"So soft! Absolutely buying another!	review_date"
"Looks amazing on and my bf definitely enjoyed it	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"She loves it....	review_date"
"I thought this would be super cute...but the lace isn鈥檛 the best quality and is coming apart. Super disappointed	review_date"
"It is really soft and nice but it was a little short and tight	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Great gift for my wife. She love's it.	review_date"
"This is the only company in Amazon that I will buy from.  Your lingerie is super soft and it fits exactly the way it's supposed to.	review_date"
"seems comfortable although it is a bit shorter than expected.	review_date"
"Way too small	review_date"
"Very soft cotton! Fits great	 just your size! Good quality!	review_date"
"looks good on my wife	review_date"
"Loved the color	 fabric	 and the fit. Went to put it on the second time and not one	 but both straps popped off!	review_date"
"Too small....had to return	review_date"
"poor quality	review_date"
"Fun! :)	review_date"
"Shorter than expected even at 5.4鈥?but still adequate coverage. Fit fine otherwise. Very soft material.  Looks good.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable like wearing a snug long t-shirt	review_date"
"Sexy and comfy.	review_date"
"The nightgown that I purchased was beautiful once out of the package	 and the material is really soft. The only thing that disappointed me was after washing the nightgown	 the lace portion started fraying a little.	review_date"
"Looks really sexy	 plus it's in a tasteful style. Very nice piece for my lady.	review_date"
"So comfy and cute	review_date"
"Very soft material	 comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"My girl loved this piece. Fits so well.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"This is one of the worst things I bought from Amazon. It's too small even if I went 2 sizes up	 and after 3 times wearing it was already rip up so I threw it away.	review_date"
"my wife loved it.	review_date"
"Nice nightwear for when my partner is over - soft	 comfortable to sleep in	 and simple. May not hold up forever	 but for the price it was worth it.	review_date"
"Beautiful. Soft material. Fit perfect. 5'1\ 140#""	review_date"
"very cute and comfortable	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and it fits her perfectly. She said the material is very soft and comfy. I'm very happy with the purchase.	review_date"
"Wife was happy	review_date"
"Ordered a large	 fits as expected. Its smooth	 sleek	 well made	 very comfy.	review_date"
"Very comfy. 5鈥? 175lbs bought a large fits perfect	review_date"
"La  calidad bien buena como muestra la foto	review_date"
"I love the fabric and the design	review_date"
"Unbelievably soft! On the shorter side	 so it's a little sexy. Win-win!	review_date"
"I like the way it fits.	review_date"
"So sexy \u0026 comfortable. Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Wife dont wear it much cause her boobs come out. Me I LOVE IT. It fits her great. Her boobs arnt sloppy. Just when shes fliping and floping around they pop out	review_date"
"I was expecting cheap fabric but it鈥檚 so soft! I am afraid it will shrink so I will be hang drying it. Its so simple but sexy	review_date"
"The bust cups were sewn crooked and do not match. The material is great but it鈥檚 unwearable due to the sloppy bust.	review_date"
"Sooo comfy! Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 it is shorter	 but that鈥檚 what I wanted. It fit perfect and looks great and is super soft.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"The quality is really bad	review_date"
"Super soft and fit great	review_date"
"Great color and true to size.	review_date"
"Love this. It鈥檚 soft and comfortable. And really cute	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy	review_date"
"Very cute and flattery for curvy girls :)	review_date"
"So comfy and flattering!	review_date"
"Both my wife and I love it	review_date"
"Super comfy and way softer than I expected.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and she loves it and so do I!  Very soft and a great fit.	review_date"
"So soft.... I鈥檓 5鈥? 109lb	review_date"
"Super comfortable and soft!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Chose the size based on the size chart and the size the model is wearing.  It was the smallest size available.  Although a size 9 would normally fit perfect	 this was too large but ok.	review_date"
"It's cut small but feels terrific	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Nais	review_date"
"Amazing	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Came fast and is cute.	review_date"
"To be expected because of the price	 but this item looks cheap. Spend more for something nicer looking.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable	 however	 I'm 5'5'' and it's way too short on me	review_date"
"It fits perfect great material	review_date"
"This product is beautiful as well as comfortable. It's quick and easy to put on. I noticed at the top where your chest goes your ladies will poke out through those slits at the top. If you look closely at the photo with the model in the add it looks like hers were covered with pasties then photoshopped out due to not having nudity on Amazon. So that was something I wasn't aware of but I'm not complaining the outfit leaves little to the imagination anyways! Another thing I was curious about is when you look at the model in the add there appears to be a little slit down below for easy access and upon receiving this in the mail and trying it on for the first time yes that is the case! I am very new to wearing lingerie and this was easy for me to put on and go.	review_date"
"Nice lacy material doesn't fit too tight where it digs into your skin. the lace is soft and comfortable for as much as lingerie goes it is durable doesn't seem like it would tear very easily. Plus hubby loves it 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"This piece is sizzling hot! The color is sexy and the style is very provocative. One of my favorite pieces as well as the hubby鈥檚! The material is soft and light. You don鈥檛 even need to take it off as it has the perfect opening at the bottom :) definitely a pleaser piece :)	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and 122lbs.. many said to size up so I did. I ordered a medium and it was huge!! I would recommend staying with your normal size. I wish I would have sent it back and ordered the small	 but instead I tied little bows on either side of the bottom portion to make it fit my waist better. I am fit and curvy	 but I would recommend your normal size. The quality and price of this product is great! I would totally order again in a different size.	review_date"
"I'm a med-large 5'6 150pds. Flat chested rectangle figure. Bought a large and looks as it does on pic.. some what small so go up 1 size or 2 .. it fits and looks like a small	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 and about 135lb	 my assets are well proportioned however	 while the front fits perfect (after adjusting to the smallest strap setting) the back looks super awkward. I wore it under a robe and while my boyfriend LOVED it and it was not necessarily uncomfortable	 it makes my rear look super odd. I think this would fit better on a heavier set woman. Hope this helps	 stay sexy ladies 馃槈馃挄	review_date"
"This has to be one of the sexiest body suits I've been seen. I've never understood why bodysuits aren't crotchless more often - this one is - and it means I almost never want to wear any of my other bodysuits again. My husband LOVES when I wear this one - he's begged me to wear it 3 times since I got it a few weeks ago and it's now a mainstay in my collection.	review_date"
"Got this for my gf.  She loves and I have to love it.  Let keep it simple because we all know what it was used for.	review_date"
"This fits great! I am around 5 foot and 130 pounds.  I wear a size 34 C.  I love the opening at the bottom.  I wish there was a little more support/push up around the bra but then it wouldn't be nearly as comfy.  I am pretty short and it is great lengthwise for me.  I can't imagine it being comfy if you were much taller unless you can adjust the length.  Someone else mentioned that the red lace doesn't cover your nipples as suggested by the model.  Maybe since I am short enough it still does.  Great buy!	review_date"
"Well talk about sexy !!  This is the  epitome me of sexy! And I got it in red so it is red hot !!  This is actually very becoming on it鈥檚 almost like being nude but you鈥檙e covering what needs to be covered and that鈥檚 even more sexy than being completely nude !  The coveringS  are placed strategically on the body.  The material is really soft so it really feels like nothing is on the lease is very pretty and seems like it鈥檚 really good quality  It鈥檚 just a really beautiful piece of lingerie that everyone should have in their lunch or a draw for those special times !	review_date"
"When I first pulled it out of the bag I thought maybe it was too big	 but the straps tighten up a lot making it so that one size can fit a variety of body types. The lace is thin but not itchy. There was also a fun little surprise that I didnt know when I ordered it... its crotchless! I had never tried anything like that before and now I love it. Usually when I get lingerie I only get to wear it for a minute before it comes off for the fun.. with this I can wear it the whole time and he still has easy access!	review_date"
"This teddy comes with soft comfortable lace. It was very true to size and comfortable to wear. It was also easy to get on and easy to get off. It was exactly what I was looking for. This teddy washes up nicely in the washing machine.  It is a nice shade of red. I would definitely purchase this item again.	review_date"
"This is absolutely stunning! I surprised my husband when he came out of the bathroom and it was one of the best surprises I've ever given him based on the look on his face. It is very soft. It didn't take but a couple seconds to figure out how to put it on. We really like the hole/slit at the bottom so I don't have to take it off when we are ready for some action. It fit exactly as I expected it to. Great addition to my lingerie collection.	review_date"
My husband bought this as a surprise ....what a lovely surprise for me!! Just be concern about the size (I suggest to order one size smaller).It is a really sexy dress.....there is no gimmick in the presentation photo.... We both (I \u0026 my husband) are really pleased with the dress....it made me feel like a lingerie model and it definitely intensified the mood 
"I ordered a size medium because they did not have a small available which is the size I usually order in lingerie. I'm 5'4\ 135lbs	 34C. I was afraid it would be too big on me but surprisingly it fit well and is very cute and sexy. The adjustable straps help a lot.""	review_date"
"Valentines day is coming up and I am super excited to wear this. The material is great and soft which makes it super comfortable. The construction of the outfit seems super sturdy like it will last for a while. I am typically a large but I ordered up due to other reviews. The XL fits and looks great but I could have probably still fit the large. The adjustable straps make it easy to fit correctly. Love it.	review_date"
"Cute piece of lingerie. I ordered a size M since it was the smallest size. I'm 5'8	  133 lbs and it fit me fine with the help of the adjustable straps. I do think it fits a little better if you have a larger chest cup size besides an A. The red color was beautiful with my skin tone. The lace also isn't scratchy or anything and is stretchable.	review_date"
"Usually when ordering lingerie from amazon it never fits as expected. I鈥檓 5鈥? 160 lbs and small chested. This fit perfect! The material is good quality and doesn鈥檛 look as if it will rip or tear.  It would look better if I had a little more up top but I work with what I have. My husband will be very excited to see this on a Christmas!!	review_date"
"Very good value for money. You shouldn't expect anything fancy for the price	 but it is really nice enough to have fun with it. Just keep in mind that sizing is not US	 my wife usually goes with small	 after reading other reviews I ordered large (there's no small	 it starts with medium) and it's spot on.	review_date"
"It's not a secret to what this outfit is meant for and the peek a boo hole.  Other than that	 the material is soft and comfortable for the lady.  She thinks the size is true to size.  Can be confusing with all the straps and string but once worn properly	 it is a show stopper for the partner! No model to display :P	review_date"
"Very sexyI鈥檓 5鈥? 170 pounds and this was a little big I鈥檓 usually a medium/large I found myself adjusting it often. It does have straps for the breast area so that you can loosen it tighten the area. I loved it and my husband loved it even more	 unfortunately I only got to wear it once and one of the straps from the waist line popped off it鈥檚 an easy fix but clearly fragile material. If it wasn鈥檛 for the strap breaking I鈥檇 give it five stars	review_date"
"This fabric is significantly softer than I imagined and the color is Rich	 almost like an Autumn red. It does run large on me. I'm 5-4 115 pounds and it's not really wearable	 probably 3in too long for my torso.But	 and unusual	 attractive	 and well-made design for the price.	review_date"
This piece is beautiful. I love the design and it even has straps so you can adjust the breast cups. I followed the size chart and made a mistake. The top and bottom half (after adjusting the straps) fit was fine but the mid-section did not cling to my body. It was very noticeable
"This teddy is made with soft comfortable lace. It was quite comfortable to wear. It was also easy to get on and easy to get off. It was exactly what I was looking for. It is a nice shade of red. Very happy with this purchase and I would definitely purchase this item again.	review_date"
"Very flattering!! I was worried to buy this because I didn't want it to shine a light on my body's flaws but it fit well and looked great! Was originally going to purchase Victoria's Secret lingerie	 but who wants to pay $50-$100 for some stings of lace. This is a great product for the price in my opinion.	review_date"
"I absolutely love my new lingerie! I got it in red and it is stunning!!! The quality of the lace is super soft too! I鈥檓 always a medium and this runs just a tiny but small but I wouldn鈥檛 size up. If you are normally unsure and sometimes inbetween sizes is size up tho. I will definitely be buying other lingerie from this company.	review_date"
"Amaziiiiiing. I was so nervous about buying this item	 but this is such a beautiful piece	 it makes me feel sexy and comfortable	 and gives me so much confidence. Just wow. It shapes the body in a very nice way and gives enough coverage where it鈥檚 needed showing what鈥檚 needed. 155 pounds	 36c bought a large in black and it鈥檚 amazing. Please buy thiiiiis.	review_date"
"Didn't even fully open the package before I was disappointed. The poor English on the packaging was so dissapointing that it made me seriously doubt what this thing is even made of...I'm careful of what I put on my skin...and who knows what's in the dyes on this China made lace...going back.	review_date"
"I usually don't post reviews on lingerie	 it's too personal. But I really did like this one. It fit well	 didn't squeeze my too-tight places	 and lace on skin looks amazing! It's easy to figure out	 (most lingerie is SO hard to figure out...) and the fit was just right.	review_date"
"This number is ultra sexy and my husband is sure to fall over when I wear it for him on Valentine鈥檚 Day. The lace is soft and comfortable to wear. And there鈥檚 a hole in the crotch for 鈥榚asy access鈥? Really excited about this purchase	review_date"
"I bought this on a whim	 Valentines is coming up--who isn't feeling a little frisky? Haha	 I am pleasant"
"I bought this to spice things up and feel sexy. It fit nicely after adjusting the straps. I am 5' 3\ tall and wears a 42DDD bracelet and size 22w. It is made of beautiful stretchy lace that moved with my body.""	review_date"
"I love this lingerie so much and adds ti my favorites and husband double thumbs up and told me to wear this more often. Quality is really good and fabric is stretchy and soft that will be good for ladies who have more curvy like me.	review_date"
"I was pretty skeptical but pleasantly surprised at the fit. I'm 5'4\ qnd 160# and ordered a medium and it was perfect""	review_date"
"The product looks nice and is soft. BUT I got a large and I couldn鈥檛 even fit ONE thigh in it?? I am not a huge person. And smaller than the suggest size for a L but it doesn鈥檛 fit past my mid thigh. I would need probably XXL to maybe fit correctly.  So I am really disappointed in it because I have to return it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty cheaply made I felt that if I moved a little to much it would of came apart but who cares it鈥檚 definitely sexy husbands loves it!!!	review_date"
"I bought it as a surprise for my hubby	 the lacy detail is adorable	 it fits true to size and the material is strechy and shape up your body well	review_date"
"This lingerie looks amazing on. It was just the slightest bit big around the hips so order a size smaller	 but otherwise it fit perfectly! I love the red color. Highly recommend for the price!	review_date"
"Ordered this for Valentines Day and it did not disappoint! I'm 5'2 130 lbs with and a D cup	 ordered a medium and fit me perfectly. Was worried as I do have some love handles but the material is stretchy and was not snug at all! Material is also beautiful and very well stitched together	 no thread hanging or anything! Boyfriend absolutely loved it	 would definitely recommend and will be ordering from them again!	review_date"
"This outfit is so sexy it went Beyond my expectations . Fit perfectly and the lace is so hot ! The crochtless pantie is so nice ! Has some strecht so it molds to your body . Very well made .	review_date"
"Very attractive on my body and size is as described/expected.It's comfortable and easy to take off. I ordered the black color cause it goes well with my tan skin color.	review_date"
"really liked this for my girlfriend she looked amazing in it as we decorated our Christmas tree Cute	 comfortable	 and shapes well to the body. It looks so bomb the fit was perfect.	review_date"
"The lingerie itself is nice. The lace is soft \u0026 it's okay quality. I am 5'10	 165lbs. Small up top	 hippy and some what of a big bum. I ordered a medium. This did not work for me at all.... Way too short and the fit was completely off. A large would have been to big. Unfortunately sending it back. This would be lovely on someone with a flat tummy	 somewhat petite	 and bigger than an A cup.	review_date"
"My husband was so excited when he saw me in this. The fit is great and is super sexy. Your man won鈥檛 be able to keep his hands off you when you wear this. It鈥檚 hot	 hot	 hot! 馃敟馃敟馃敟	review_date"
"The material felt nice	 but this was way too big. I鈥檓 normally a size small and the smallest size available was a medium	 so I probably shouldn鈥檛 be surprised	 but I鈥檓 still disappointed.	review_date"
"The lingerie is beautiful. The material is soft not like scratchy lace. The red is a true red color	 which happens to be my favorite color. Perfect for a romantic night.	review_date"
"I bought it a size larger fearing it would run small after the reviews but actually should have ordered the true size. Otherwise it's awesome and still looks ok just a little loose	review_date"
"Super sexy and easy to put on. My only bit of feedback would be for busty ladies. I wear a 38 DD (very full DD) and it offers no support so I wore a bra with it but it still looked amazing. I'm 5'8\ 190 lbs and I ordered an XL. I actually rcvd a medium and it nearly fit. I just have a longer torso so some of the straps were not aligned great but it served its purpose. A L probably would have been perfect.""	review_date"
"The front has lace	 but the back is all elastic strings.  Crotchless.  I had to wear a bra with it	 as I have more cleavage than this can hold.  However	 even with a red bra it was amazingly sexy	review_date"
"Runs small/short torso. I ordered a medium	 my normal size	 and the torso was weirdly small. I'm about 5'7\. Because of this the entire outfit didn't quite fit right. My boyfriend didn't notice it mind	 but I bought it again in a large and it was much more comfy	 though this isn't a super comfy ensemble. Looks great	 go for it! Work it gurl!""	review_date"
"Very cute!  Good quality sexy soft lace.  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weight 120 lbs and I ordered a Med because I have a long body.  The length was good but fit a little big.  So I would say it鈥檚 pretty true to size.  The color and lace are on point. Perfect for the Christmas holidays.	review_date"
"First of all	 I was a little iffy because of the price and what size to get. But I ended up ordering a XL and it fit great. I probably could have got a large and fit just right	 since it does have a nice stretch.I鈥檓 so happy with the purchase.Affordable	 comfortable	 cute	 soft \u0026 it was a hit with the husband! Definitely will be back to buy more.	review_date"
"I got a medium	 I am 130 lb and 5 feet 3 in. This fit a little bit for me. I have a small waist. I wouldn鈥檛 say it鈥檚 the most flattering but it鈥檚 ok. The lace is delicate but it seems like it will hold up.	review_date"
"China sizes are very small so go up 2 sizes from your regular size.  The lace is very nice and let's be real	 it doesn't stay on for very long anyway =)	review_date"
"This one piece lingerie is fire hot! I ordered it in red (two sizes up) and it is super sexy! This will be a perfect surprise for your significant other.	review_date"
"Did run a little big for me	 but still fit. I鈥檓 150	 5鈥?鈥? usually a 36C. The elastic and gap between cups was a bit bigger than I expected	 but I just sewed it a little closer together. Super cute and sexy.	review_date"
"Very delicate material	 lace is good quality! I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly! Im about 130lbs 5'7. Very cute and loved the red color!	review_date"
"The material is very soft and this red is a true red color. The lace also isn't scratchy or anything and is stretchable. it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 love this piece. Maybe they just don鈥檛 suit me	 not my style. It fit fine	 but I am a mom of two so I have some rolls and so it wasn鈥檛 flattering. First words out of my husband鈥檚 mouth were he didn鈥檛 like it...failed surprise! 馃槼馃檮馃う馃徏鈥嶁檧锔?	review_date:April 13	 2018""	star"
"Products on the smaller side. I would recommmend going up three sizes. I bought a medium and it fits right. I should have gotten an xl.	review_date"
"5.0鈥?130	 got an M which was too big. Product was not attractive	 and now when I look at the product photos it does look very photoshopped. I didn鈥檛 notice before. Would not recomend	 plenty of other awesome options that will make you look and feel sexy.	review_date"
"I think I ordered a 4X ... is coming from China so it鈥檚 definitely going to fit smaller than anything else that you can buy in the United States... i鈥檓 a 38 inch bust	 35 inch natural waist	 42 inch regular waist	 52 Inch hip.	review_date"
"Great piece of lingerie. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 130lbs with C cups and it fit me great. You can tell it was cheaply made	 but it doesn鈥檛 look awful or anything. Just a little uneven. Would buy again.	review_date"
"I was really disappointed with this product. It wasn't true to size and was way too short in the Torso - which made the thong portion goes so far at my but it was uncomfortable. The V neckline was torn and frayed upon arrival and the quality of the material is flimsy and cheap. I would not recommend this to anyone!	review_date"
"It tooo small to cover anything. I think if u put two napkins together you would have a better time holding your boobs in and I bought the largest size. Its not made for 3 dimensional people it looks fine in pictures cause the person is not breathing and moving .	review_date"
"I鈥檓 150lbs 5鈥? and i got a medium and it fit good. Came in a really pretty bag	 and is made well which i was skeptical since some stuff from China doesn鈥檛 usually fit like it should. I would recommend	review_date"
"I ordered this in small as I am 5鈥?鈥? 121 lbs. and 36b. The breast portion didn鈥檛 fully cover and also didn鈥檛 lie flat. It fit in the torso area	 but the straps behind	 including the g-string was so long that the crotch section rode up defeating the purpose of this being crotchless.	review_date"
"Took it out of the packaging and was already broken? Saved it for a special occasion and couldn鈥檛 even wear it. So disappointed. The material feels cheap	 isn鈥檛 sewn together well at all. What a waste.	review_date"
"TINY!!!!!  it has no support at all. If your cup size is larger than a B and you have real breasts...this is not for you!	review_date"
"My wife looks incredible in the product	 i just wish i would have got the small	 rather than the large.	review_date"
"I was surprised by this lingerie. I thought it would feel scratchy and low quality but wrong on both counts.	review_date"
"Its poor quality and it is not long enough to fit for a tall person.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up and it fits great. I'm 5'2\	 115lbs and I got a medium. The material is soft and comfortable and it's pretty nice quality for the price.""	review_date"
"I was hesitant because of the style of this but I'm soooo happy I read the reviews from some bigger women saying it's super flattering.	review_date"
"To be honest I was not expecting to be so pleased with a product at this price. It's gorgeous and fits perfectly	 snug but elastic. Very sexy.	review_date"
"It's more of a wine red than Bright red but its really pretty! The only thing is that I have a long torso so it kind of doesn't line up right but I will still wear. I'm 5'4\	 118lbs and got a med because they didn't have a small.""	review_date"
"Came as described fit me perfectly. Very nice color red and hubby loves it . So comfortable makes you feel so sexy	review_date"
"I loved this lingerie alot and so did my boyfriend! It looks exactly like it does in the picture. The fit was a little off for someone like me (5'7 with 32G bra)	 but in general it was a good fit and felt sexy to wear. I will definitely be buying it again in a different color.	review_date"
"Love love love. Extremely comfortable	 I鈥檓 not super skinny	 just normal and this compliments my curves more than expected. My fianc茅鈥檚 favorite color is red and this will definitely be an exciting item to wear on our honeymoon.	review_date"
"Putting this on is like solving a rubik's cube. But very sexy. The crotch opening needs to be bigger to be functional.	review_date"
"It doesn鈥檛 leave much to the imagination and is very sexy! No complaints from my husband.	review_date"
"Very disappointed with the item. The quality is very poor. The size doesn't match the original. I will not purchase anything from them again and don't recommend for anyone.	review_date"
"This fit much better than I anticipated given the \M\"" moniker. I think the sizes might be APAC sizing guides.""	review_date"
"Great piece for the price. I don't like to spend a crazy amount on items like this	 but this was a good buy. Fits well.	review_date"
"I expect more lace with the bigger size	 def disappointed	review_date"
"Bought another lingerie from the seller again after a good experience with them last time. This one is absolutely sexy! It took me a while to figure out how to put them on. The design is very special. There is a small opening at bottom so when you enjoy with your partner	 you don't have to take it off. A must buy!	review_date"
"I got this to surprise my hubby	 he loves that it's in his favorite color.  Lol	review_date"
"Looks better in real life. It鈥檚 sometimes hard to pick these types of things out over the internet	 but glad I did.	review_date"
"Ordered according to other reviews. Fits perfect. A little too short in the torso but I make do.	review_date"
"I am always looking for new outfits! Came across this one and loved the color.  It fits as it should. I got it a bigger size just to make sure it fits and it does. Since you can adjust the straps it doesn鈥檛 feel big at all. It Took a couple of tries to put it on because of all the straps.	review_date"
"This lingerie fit just like I thought it was. Did my research and measurements and all went well with the size. The material is forgiving and a nice bright red.	review_date"
"I order L  	its little bit big on me 	 I am size M  so this produst true to size	its cute but  not very comfortable. 3 start its OK	review_date"
"Love the fit and color. Nice surprise for my partner. A good time was had by all. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Love the color. Agree with other reviews	 asian size chart. It didn鈥檛 affect me since I鈥檓 tiny any way. Super happy with the product. Great quality!	review_date"
"sexy like always 锛? i like by linger at amazon 	 because they are nice and good quality 	 specialy this red  . .	review_date"
"Super Cute lingerie	 very light weight and material is really good! unfortunately it didn鈥檛 fit me	 but I gave it to my sister and she loved it.	review_date"
"Adjustable back strap	 a lil bit loose on the waist to me	 because I m  petite	 but overall it is a good product.	review_date"
My husband said he鈥檇 give this 10 stars if he could 
"It is true to image with not too much support for large breast. It is also a nice soft material	review_date"
"My breasts are smaller than hers and don鈥檛 fit in the cups and the fabric that goes across the back just kind of hung there and was loose.im 5鈥? 130lbs and the medium was plenty big except for the cups.	review_date"
"I am writing for my wife. She loved the way it fit and I loved the way it looked. It was nice to have access without taking it off because I couldn鈥檛 wait that long. She looked hot and this really brought something new to the 鈥渢able鈥? I would recommend this item to anyone that wants 鈥渟pice it up鈥?a little.	review_date"
"This product is exactly what it says and shows. The sizing was perfect and I would recommend this to others!	review_date"
"Very cute. Looks exactly how it is in the picture. The material isn't cheap. And very true to size.	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie! It is perfect if you look like the model. Not for a mother of 3 young children all under 5 years old!	review_date"
"Very sexy but a bit big..am 150 and I bought a large	review_date"
"The entire piece is unproportionate. Not enough material to cover each breast. The elastic that criss crosses the back	 looks like it鈥檚 stretched out of shape.	review_date"
"Beautiful details and easy to take on and get off.	review_date"
"I love this piece! I am 5'4'' and 140 lbs. I ordered the Medium and it fit really well	 except the strap across my waist was a bit too loose. Also as a girl with large boobs	 tightening the straps alllllll the way gives the needed amount of support. Very happy!	review_date"
"I just got this in the mail and couldn鈥檛 be more excited to wear it in the bedroom ! This little outfit fits me perfectly. I was hesitant at first but so happy I got it. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 160 pounds with an hourglass figure and size  34DD. The medium fits perfect ! Very flattering on myCurves and I love the crochless bit.	review_date"
"Super cute	 good material! Would recommend! I used the sizing chart	 and it fits great!	review_date"
"unfortunately one of the straps broke immediately!	review_date"
"I'm 5'4' 130 lbs bought a medium	 the fit is perfect. Lace is soft and stretchy	 very good quality.	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Do not recommend. Not worth the cost. Would return if possible.	review_date"
"I like it on my girlfriend	 it fix with her size and the design is very tempting. The material feels comfortable.	review_date"
"When I saw the package I was very excited. The packaging was great and made it look very professional. However	 it was very see through. The material wasn't very pleasing but it does look like the photo besides the transparency. Also it took me a while to figure out how to wear it.馃槀	review_date"
"super soft	 great fit! looks sexy	 feels sexy- husband loves it! we had a great Valentine's Day	review_date"
"I absolutely love the way this looks and fits. Very sexy.	review_date"
"I have lots of curves and it fits great! It is a puzzle it get on and off. Great piece and color	review_date"
"Fell apart first time wearing it. I was able to sow it back together without it being noticeable.	review_date"
"Fits great. I love it.	review_date"
"Purchased the large due to my girls being on the larger side and its definitely a medium plus it鈥檚 kinda tight and I鈥檓 not sure why the tag is in the crouch area ? . Not bad for the price and if your just gonna have the hubby rip it off 馃槣	review_date"
"It was a little big but the color was very vibrant	review_date"
"Very cute for the price! I'm 5'7 and the medium seemed to be a little to small.	review_date"
"Cheap	 flimsy	 looks nothing like the photo.	review_date"
"Girlfriend looks great in it	review_date"
"Im pretty short so it fit well in the torso... I bought medium and I'm 5'1\ 160lbs as a reference.""	review_date"
"fits well. didn't know how to put it on at first	 but it was quite easy to figure out	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"Great to spice things up	review_date"
"One piece looks just as pictured. I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 127lbs	 I ordered a M and some areas were too big. Would recommend buying a size smaller	review_date"
"Perfect good quality super sexy. True size!	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Material is decent. Looks like picture. Probably gonna get me out of trouble after getting into it with the monster in law this Christmas.	review_date"
"This looks as pictured but doesn鈥檛 work for larger chested women. The thong piece is also way too long!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Fits fine	review_date"
"fits sort of big. i would order a size down.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly for my girlfriend and the quality is great for the price	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie	review_date"
"So sexy! Perfect.	review_date"
"Super cute just fit me really big I'm 5ft2 130lbs and got med shouldve went for a small	review_date"
"The material was alright but priced accordingly	 and the design is really nice	review_date"
"I ordered a medium but I should've gotten a small. The crotch is way too baggy and the strings on the side and back are loose	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece	 I was so satisfied with the fit. It comes out looking super tiny from packaging but that's just because of the material its made of. So don't worry	 it'll stretch to fit! It isn't too tight in any places which was my main concern. Total thumbs up from me	review_date"
"So cute and sexy! Very pleased with the quality and price. It does fit small so go a size up. I鈥檓 an xs and I got the medium	 it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Weird fit	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Good for price wish i got a smaller size i went with a size up from my normal size but im sure my normal size would of fit way better	review_date"
"amazing	review_date"
"We love it.	review_date"
"Um	 no.5'4	 36D	 140lbs	review_date"
"Nice material.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Cute but I ordered a size up and still fit too tight	review_date"
"I very muched like the style and fit. It was just a tad bit small but ruzishun worked great with me to get me a better size. Will definitely order from them again	review_date"
"I bought this for a steamy Valentine's day gift I ordered an XL fabric soft and stretchy a little if you have D's I would recommend going up a size the cups dont cover much but very sexy and classy at the same time.	review_date"
"I was surprised by the quality of this teddy. They are using good materials and feels soft to the touch. Great value for the price.	review_date"
"The crotch was to high up front..not sure if it was big for me or made wrong	review_date"
"Love this. Nice vibrant and sexy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 just like the imagine . Soft material. Typically when ordering off amazon I need to go up a size so that鈥檚 what I did I鈥檓 5ft8 and 135 pounds so I ordered a large but it鈥檚 a little big I could have went with my normal size medium on this one.	review_date"
"It's a thin material	 otherwise very comfortable and enjoyable	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie. My fiance loved it on me!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 125lbs top fit fine. The bottom half was big.	review_date"
"Had to fix It at home because the stitching was incorrect and was restricting straps. Get what you pay for I guess. Cute fit	review_date"
"Came apart before i could try it on. Bad sewing	review_date"
"Received Before Time got the right size	review_date"
"Surprisingly good fit and looked great on!	review_date"
"I got the product after 3 days I purchased. I really like the texture	 better than any I used before. It looks hot too	review_date"
"I was worried this wouldn't fit well	 or be flattering	 being I am a curvy girl. But I loved it! So comfortable and fits perfect.	review_date"
"It fitted and looked sexy even with my tummy. I didn鈥檛 expect it to fit so well but it surprised me. Happy with purchased. I usually fit XL but had to get the XXL to fit since it runs small.	review_date"
"Crappy none of the straps lined up n was stitched like garbage never again	review_date"
"Love this product  I ordered a size M little big for me thinking to exchange to smaller size but the fabric is good material	review_date"
"Love this little number !	review_date"
"Fabric was great	review_date"
"I bought this product it鈥檚 very good quality. The package is was very nice. And it鈥檚 so sexy馃敟馃敟馃敟 guys!!!!! I recommend! Will buy again!	review_date"
"Has a weird fit and the strap at the back was too long	review_date"
"Must buy! Looking to buy more. I had it dry cleaned because I wanted it to last a bit!	review_date"
"Real loosey. Didn't have much form to it	review_date"
"The strap completely tore off before i even got it on. It was also too small	 so i recommend ordering a size up.	review_date"
"Nice lingerie	 recommend this. Great product for the special day.	review_date"
"Too small. And poorly made and stiched. Also has a tag in weird place in front	review_date"
"Nice quality	 very comfortable!!	review_date"
"I got an XL because Im very curvy I think I would have been fine with a medium. Great material its a little long nothing a few stitches cant fix though.	review_date"
"Loved this. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 145 pounds. I got a medium and it fits perfect. Very sexy.	review_date"
"Bought it for Valentine鈥檚 and I love it	 I鈥檓 5鈥? 143lb  curvy body and the medium fit me a bit loose from the bottom but I still rock it and for the price Is great.	review_date"
"It's a good product	review_date"
"Stretchy material	 pulls and tightens where u need it.  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 140 and I got a M	 fit like a glove.  Not itchy.	review_date"
"The lace straps are very thin and it鈥檚 larger than expected as well as the whole teddy itself looks cheap and the crotch part doesn鈥檛 fit right	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"It broke before I could even wear it. But it still looks good.	review_date"
"Had already of fun in this :)	review_date"
"it's really sexy	 making her more beautiful. The material is soft when I touch it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Cute	 but really cheap. The back of the bottom half was not centered at all so it looks a little weird. Other than that it鈥檚 great for the price!	review_date"
"I loved how easy it is to put on and take off	 super cute on and sexy looking. Fit great	review_date"
"Fits true to size! Very sexy on! Great choice!	review_date"
"This product was very good quality for an economical price. It fits well and I really like the designs!	review_date"
"My boyfriend was a big big fan :) would recommend this to someone who wants to spice things up a bit.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2\ and weigh about 140 lbs. I ordered the medium and thought it fit well but it's not flattering if you have a small chest.""	review_date"
"can鈥檛 even get the thing untangled to see if it fits right.	review_date"
"Like others	 found this to be a bit short in the torso. Not flattering for pear shaped figure.	review_date"
"I got the medium	 I鈥檓 5鈥? 150 petite and athletic ... fits perfect... love it	review_date"
"Like the fit. Just cheap quality. But you get what you buy and I liked it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 really please with this! It fits great and it鈥檚 super comfy all while looking really hot. My partner loved it!	review_date"
"The product was great. My judgement on what would look good on my body type was not. 馃槀	review_date"
"Sizing was off and horrible	 super cheat material	 not worth the money.	review_date"
"Wow this amazing! Fit as expected \u0026 was very sexy. I felt amazing and my guy really enjoyed it too	review_date"
"I loved the material of this teddy! It is stretchy and hugs to my body.  The color is great even after a wash!	review_date"
"Cheap material but for something that isnt going to stay on long	 worth it! I'm a Lrg	 I ordered a lrg	 it fits good.	review_date"
"Bought it for my GF as a gift.  It fits her great and we both like it.  Good material and quality!	review_date"
"it fits so awkward and is horrible material.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a 34DD and a medium in panties	 I should鈥檝e got a medium. Very sexy though	 my boyfriend loved it and it isn鈥檛 cheap. It can be pulled!	review_date"
"It show up my curve so much	review_date"
"pretty good	 I like the martial. It fit sd my expected.	review_date"
"Looks really nice. Bought a large thinking it ran small but it鈥檚 pretty true to size. Overall love it!	review_date"
"The quality was worth what you pay for you. The only issue is that it was very loose.	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"Loved it ordered a second one 馃槍	review_date"
"Great product! My friend loves this gift.	review_date"
"The product fits perfect. Looks sexy	review_date"
"better than I expected.. a must try :)	review_date"
"Fit well and was very sexy!	review_date"
"Not what I expected and difficult to put on	review_date"
"Fit weird and came damaged out of package	review_date"
"Very small.  Not for those with a short torso	review_date"
"Just a heads up	 It shows much more of the tatas than pictured. I'm a 6 or 8 and medium fits great.	review_date"
"Really love it is slightly smaller but it still fit	review_date"
"Runs a bit small. Was very sexy though .	review_date"
"Terrible product. Made cheap and not made for a feminine build.	review_date"
"Had to sew the lace bottoms to fit	 otherwise was a very sexy teddy !	review_date"
"Nice material	 right color	 perfect for date night "
"Very sexy on me and the fit is exactly what I was hoping for.	review_date"
"As expected.	review_date"
"Loved this product! very flattering and well worth the money.	review_date"
"Good quality. Nice looking. My girl liked it.	review_date"
"It was great and really sexy. Got it for my gf.	review_date"
"My fiance loves it! Fits perfect	 very soft fabric	review_date"
"My husband loves it!!! Worth what I spent.	review_date"
"Hermoso	review_date"
"Cute lace but it鈥檚 small in the torso	review_date"
"It's a good fit. I like it very much!!!  Will recommend my friends have a try.	review_date"
"It fits perfect to my gf.Great material	review_date"
"Fits Good Feels Good	review_date"
"good quality	review_date"
"This is beautiful and looks so expensive! I love it!	review_date"
"Somewhat small but perfect!	review_date"
"Not exactly the way it looks in the picture but still good.	review_date"
"This item was difficult to put on and the back straps felt too long.	review_date"
"Love it. Just was slightly bigger than me	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"Fit well but the medium would be better	review_date"
"Small on the waist line	 other than that it鈥檚 ok.	review_date"
"Too small!!	review_date"
"Fit well	review_date"
"I love it!!!	review_date"
"It is great for my wife	I like it	review_date"
"Came defective.	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Love it it's perfect	review_date"
"Sizing off. I typically order a large in these items	 but wear a medium in regular underwear. I'm 5'2 and this was short in the torso. This item was also defective	 as the thong in the back was crooked to one side. Unfortunately I cut the tag off in order to try it on (I was afraid to get a nasty scratch) and cannot return it. I also had no intentions as I thought it was going to be perfect 馃槙	review_date"
"So I'm 5\10 and 150 pounds- I'm pretty average in terms of size. I'm an 8 in jeans and a M in tops. I ordered this bodysuit in a medium thinking it would work but it just didn't. It was cheaply made and definitely not a medium- it looked like an extra small. This could be because of my height but it was also tight around the sides. Don't recommend this.""	review_date"
"This is a sexy outfit	 my boyfriend absolutely loved it. I got the L size because I am a 34DD. For the most part it fit	 but was smaller in the chest area. The rest of the piece fit nice and looked great!	review_date"
"鈥淚t fits me well	鈥?Wifey said!Happy Husband 馃榾馃榾馃榾馃憤馃徏馃憤馃徏馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"this would have been the hottest thing ever	 but they didnt have a small. Im 5'8 and 130	 and a small would have been perfect if it was available. if this fits you	 it probably would look amazing	review_date"
"it is to small and not for woman with large boobs.	review_date"
"This looks great on! I could have gotten a size bigger but other than the chest area	 it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Will order again	review_date"
"I love this!!! Feels really nice and fits me perfect. I have bigger breast and sometimes it's hard getting something that fits.	review_date"
"Great item!! I liked it when my love wear it!!	review_date"
"Runs very very very small	review_date"
"A little short in the  torso	 but nothing I can't work with	review_date"
"Fit perfectly - straps are adjustable like a bra. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 and the L was perf	review_date"
"It would be cute	 if it were long enough. I bought this in the largest size possible	 but it was too short	 even with the adjustable straps set to maximum. The lace that is supposed to cover the chest	 as shown on the model	 didn't even reach my chest.  It may be fine for someone who is about 5 feet 2 inches tall	 but probably not any taller. The quality of the material	 however	 was better than I had expected. I am disappointed that it didn't fit	 because I otherwise would have liked it.	review_date"
"I usually get L but this one was a little bit large for me	 I should've got M	 anyway I kept it	 in all other ligerie L fits perfect. Anyway	 my husband went crazy when he saw me on this outfit so I would highly recommend it.	review_date"
"I normally wear a small/medium (5'5''	 130lbs	 b cup).  I ordered a medium	 and it seems like its short.  Either feels like its riding up	 or that my nipples will be hanging out of the top if I pull it down.  Overall	 I don't love it. Maybe ordering a size up would help.	review_date"
"I was so excited to purchase this as my first lingerie item	 but when I tried it on it looked absolutely terrible! I had high hopes because the reviews were so good	 but it didn't fit me right. I have a small frame and larger bust	 so this made me look VERY.... unsupported. I should have expected that. I'll have to return it :(	review_date"
"One of the straps broke while I was putting it on for the first time	 so the material is very low quality. I was able to tie it in a knot	 and it looked decent. This will not be ideal for you if you are over 5鈥?鈥?and have anything equal or greater than a D cup. Overall	 I feel like the piece definitely enhanced my body and was flattering. In the end	 I don鈥檛 think I would spend more than $5 on the same product since the material is so fragile that it broke before I even go it on for the first time.	review_date"
"Horrible! Do not buy this the threads are coming apart and I just took it out the package	review_date"
"I was excited to receive this outfit. When I took it out of the package I noticed some of the lace was ripped but I figured my husband wouldn't notice. But when I tried it on I saw another rip by these lace that holds up the front and it made the outfit look lopsided. So	 I never wore it	 very disappointed and weirded out as I hope I didn't receive lingerie someone else already tried on because that would be disgusting.	review_date"
"before you show this off	 take some time to figure it out	 lots of straps.but this is was made well	 as these things go	 leaves very little to the imagination	 but enough to be worth wearing.	review_date"
"Looks and feels very sexy. Husband is happy with it and the price.It is difficult to pull up but he was there \supervising\"" to make sure it was perfect.""	review_date"
"Perfect size	 nothing else to mention since it is just few threads to made it :)	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5.4 154lbs ordered a large..... it was too big. And I know ya get what you pay for so it did the job. Haha	review_date"
"Very discreet packaging. Fit was ok on the top but a little loose on the bottom for me. Good quality overall! Happy with purchase	review_date"
"I like other than it is short in the length. I am only 5 foot 2 and was still short on me.	review_date"
"So this outfit is nice the unattractive part is on the boobs it hangs on the nipple area. I will not wear this again.	review_date"
"Can it compete with the high quality VS lingerie? Definitely not. But it is very soft and comfortable (besides the chunky velcro behind the neck). I'm 6'3\ and 125 pounds	 and this fit me really well. I had to do a few little sewing adjustments because the string sides were too loose	 but it fit well otherwise. The \""blindfold\"" pictured is really a circular strip of fabric (I just tossed it out). Oh	 and the stitching in the middle pulling the two front pieces together is a lot higher up on the body. It's about halfway between the crotch and the neck	 right below the sternum- definitely a lot higher than the bellybutton. But for this price	 it's wonderful. It does the job and looks incredibly sexy! I love it.""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a bit more curvy than the girl in the photo but what I love about it is that it stretches does not make me feel uncomfortable 5 stars is what I鈥檓 giving it because I really love it	review_date"
"Looks great	 fits well	 fun for play. Tight on her breasts but I don't mind	 lol. Very good look on her.	review_date"
"A very sexy and cute put fit straps around neck need to be  half inch longer cause it was tight and the string that come across your hips need to be a little wider but overall very satisfied	review_date"
"Love it! So did my boyfriend! 馃槝	review_date"
"Fits a little weird but over all great material	review_date"
"Runs incredibly small	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Looks really cute	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"Fit me just how i like it	review_date"
"Garbage	review_date"
"THIS IS A LITTLE DESCOSIDO ON ONE SIDE	 IT IS NOT A BIG THING THE PIECE. AND IT DEMORED 'TOO MUCH TO ARRIVE.	review_date"
"Getting better.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Crazy hot and sexy	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute and I like it but it鈥檚 too short and doesn鈥檛 hold the girls up too good but every sexy	review_date"
"Fast shipping super sexy . Its long enough to hide my tummy.	review_date"
"This fit perfect and I am big chested(38DDD) so I was worried about the top 	but it actually fits like it does on the model.	review_date"
"For reference	 I'm 5'1\ and 195 pounds.  It is a bit short	 falling just below my derri猫re	 and it doesn't support the big	 floppy girls	 so he absolutely loved it. "
"I like how it's the same colors as the picture	 however	 the shoulder area doesn't fit properly and the boob area is smaller than it looks.	review_date"
"This was awesome! The bust is a little small	 but the cut outs allow for a little more room. It was a valentines hit!	review_date"
"Im Usually a 2x I'm shirts I ordered a 3x based on reviews it fit perfect not too tight or clingy. However I am smaller chested and felt a little weird up top. Notnas sexy as the model. Husband still likes it.	review_date"
"This is an attractive and sexy garment. It fit as expected. You can try this out with confidence.	review_date"
"Comes very short not as long as expected	review_date"
"Great Product :) Fast shipping	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it!  I am not comfortable in something so revealing so it took me a moment.	review_date"
"This outfit fit comfortably and was a very nice quality! My husband bought it to surprise me and I thought it was going to be a cheap material	 but it was a very high quality! Very soft and was not scratchy!	review_date"
"I wear a size 18 and brought a 3x it fit perfect.	review_date"
"Very sexy and my hubby loves it... But unless you have\Boobs\"" like the models then it'll fit ... ? Weird lmao""	review_date"
"This would probably fit someone with a short torso better than me. I鈥檓 only 5鈥?鈥?but the length was a little too short for me.. Would鈥檝e kept if it was a couple inches longer.	review_date"
"Kept me hard all night	review_date"
"Item fits perfect to sizing guide... Absolutely love this item... I am a small cup size bbq and this makes the girls look great!!!	review_date"
"excelente	review_date"
"I love it! Material is stretchy and feels durable!	review_date"
"Outfit is as pictured.	review_date"
"Super cute and better than expected. Flatters bust.	review_date"
"Finace loved it!	review_date"
"Cheap materials	review_date"
"This chemise set is a stunner! For reference	 I'm 5' 5\ tall and 170 pounds	 with a 38DD bra size. This chemise fits me perfectly	 while covering the 'necessities' and revealing just enough of the 'amenities'. It camouflages my abdomen. I'm extremely pleased with it.""	review_date"
"聽This gorgeous piece is so soft and comfortable	 it feels like you aren't wearing anything at all	 there is no scratching or tugging anywhere	 the fabric is amazing and it also fit me great in the right places	 the packaging is beautiful and comes in a plastic zip bag that can be put away for safe keeping.	review_date"
This lacey lingerie is made from mostly rayon making it soft and somewhat stretchy
"I like the soft feel of the fabric	 and the lace fabric is very soft as well. I got a size Small	 and it fits just right. The bottom of the sleepwear is more loose	 which is fine with me	 and the upper part fits more close to the body. The color is a more darker blue	 and pretty close to how it鈥檚 pictured. The straps are adjustable	 which I like. I would recommend ordering the normal size that a person wears.	review_date"
"I'm 5'7' and weigh 167 lbs and wear 38C bra.  I got the large and it fit perfectly.  It's made well and flows nicely over my hips.  I slept in it last night and it was very comfortable.  I would buy additional products from this maker.  It arrived promptly and was sealed in a plastic bag.  Great find!	review_date"
"So this was my first time buying 鈥淟ingerie鈥?as a surprise for my husband on Valentine鈥檚 Day... I decided to go with something somewhat modest and thought this was super cute. Obviously	 I was nervous buying online and don鈥檛 know if I鈥檇 look or FEEL beautiful in it	 but gosh dang it	 I loved it!! It felt great on	 I actually liked the way I looked in it and (granted	 I have a smaller chest) but it actually gave me a little bit of support. I bought it in the red \u0026 the color was gorgeous in my opinion! I actually want to buy another and try different styles as well now! Super light and comfy to sleep in as well.	review_date"
"Absolutely adorable nightgown! I never bother to take the time to write reviews but I鈥檓 so in love with this I had to. It鈥檚 so soft	 the lace top and back are super comfy and the knit is really soft and silky. Off to go order more colors. I鈥檓 a 32B cup size and the top fits me perfect (ordered a size small)	review_date"
"So soft and lovely! This is such an awesome piece	 great for sleeping and still sexy enough to wear on a special night. Washed well	 which is questionable on internet lingerie but this washed perfect! I hung dry and it was perfect. Highly recommend	 this is my new favorite piece of lingerie!!! I want it in every color!	review_date"
"This is a nice quality chemise. Unfortunately my chest is rather big for the cups (I'm a DDD) but I can still kinda squish them in there. The fabric is super soft and feels really nice on my skin. My husband really isn't into lingerie but he really enjoyed this piece. I would even actually just wear them as pajamas!	review_date"
"RSLOVE Women Lace Lingerie Sleepwear Chemises V-Neck Full Slip Babydoll Nightgown Dress Wine Red M.  I felt absolutely gorgeous when I wore this lovely red babydoll nightgown last night.  I've never owned a red negligee before and this one made me feel positively pretty.  That's the only way to explain it.  It appears very well made.  The nightgown also comes in the colors pink	 grey	 navy	 and black	 but red is my favorite.  It has thin straps (which adjust in back) and a delicate-looking lace v-necked bodice. The gown part is very soft and silky feeling.  It is very comfortable to wear and sleep in"
"Really pretty! It is a soft	 comfortable material. I am pretty picky with sleeping clothes	 and this is nice as it is not constraining at all. Make sure to adjust the straps when you receive it so it fits properly. Good quality	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"This nightie makes me feel powerful!  I am normally a very self conscious woman because of my size	 but for some reason when I put this on	 it makes me feel powerful	 sexy	 and like the center of attention (probably because of the way my boyfriend looks at me).I will say its LITERALLY PERFECT for someone of my size (I normally wear a 2X/18) as long as you have an average chest (my chest is MUCH larger than average).  As someone who has a chest as large as mine (G/H cup)	 I knew it wouldn't fit that region as well	 but I was OK with it as I knew the boyfriend would love that it left very little to the imagination	 and any movement would cause *peekaboos*.  For those who are well endowed	 it is a little flimsy in that area	 but that's to be expected when you're the size I am	 and the looks I get for it make me want to buy more!  Talk about feeling wanted	 powerful and SEXY!I ABSOLUTELY will say I have a lot of confidence in this piece (whereas normally I don't) because the look on his face tells me how desired I am.  The boyfriend loves that it gives me confidence	 and at the same time leaves little to the imaginatio	 but with some movement lets the imagination go VERY wild!I LOVE that I get to feel sexy	 powerful	 and in charge in this piece!The lace is intricate	 the fabric is soft	 and the boyfriend says it leaves little to the imagination	 so it's definitely a score!  Love this!  Hoping they will release more like it!	review_date"
"Very flattering and sexy! Fits perfect! The material is very soft and lightweight	 feels like you are wearing nothing. Was concerned with the lace being itchy because I have sensitive skin but I am pleasantly surprised that I don't have any discomfort when sleeping! Definitely purchasing another one	 but this time in black!	review_date"
"Love these. I owned the gray one in a medium	 but I got a stain on it while doing house work (bacon grease	 you betrayed me..). I repurchased the blue in a small and am very happy. I am 5'7	 125-130lbs	 32\ under my bust	 and usually wear a medium in things... Per the size chart	 I should be a medium. The medium was looser than I like	 which is why when I reordered I decided to go ahead and try a small. It fits exactly how I wanted it to	 it's perfectly snug but the fabric isn't stretched out	 just exactly form fitting. The bust is a fraction of an amount too small but it's barely noticeable and I much prefer the fit overall compared to the medium. Note the hem does roll up.""	review_date"
"I have been self conscious about my appearance lately because I was sick for several months and my body changed a little. But I wanted to look (and feel) lovely on my anniversary so I got this thing.Well this definitely made me feel better. I like it a lot. The material is very soft and feels good on the skin. and it has quite a bit of stretch to it	 so you should still be able to wear it even if your body changes a lot.	review_date"
"This is so comfy and sexy. I didn鈥檛 expect it to fit true to size	 but it does. The fabric stretches	 which provided that much needed 鈥済ive鈥?around the bust area. Needless to say	 I am very pleased with my purchase.	review_date"
"This is one of many lingere items I purchase	 but it was one of the softest ones yet. It fit perfectly very flattering 	 sexy without exposing every thing.  Would definitely recommend this piece . I don't write a lot of reviews unless it's an item I absolutely love	 and I love  this piece .	review_date"
"So pleased with this purchase! The quality is incredible	 it is super soft and very pretty. I really love the sizing. I got a small	 I am 5鈥? and 130 pounds. It fits very nicely	 isn鈥檛 terribly tight	 just fits comfortable. That being said I think it fits a little larger than expected	 but I thought it was  flattering. The wine red is gorgeous	 I want more colors now.	review_date"
"Super soft	 gorgeous	 and inexpensive. Mine came in very nice packaging. You would easily spend twice as much for the same item at a boutique and not notice a difference! (For reference	 I'm 5'2\ and 185lbs	 and the large fits beautifully.)""	review_date"
"Color was beautiful. Great fit. Very soft material. The lace itself was soft	 not scratchy and stiff.  Very reasonable price.	review_date"
"I love this gown. I was afraid the lace might be scratch and cheap but it is a very comfortable and pretty gown. I am thinking of getting another in a different color.	review_date"
"Really quite pretty and soft	 but way too big for me. Unfortunately I had to return and since they don't have a smaller size	 I have to find something else :( But it is really a nice piece of lingerie!	review_date"
"I bought one (because you just never know about online clothing) as a simple gift for my wife.  She loved the softness of the material and the cute design.  It is simple sexy.  It comes with the smallest of string panties -- more of an eye patch -- that she may never wear.  Still a great item and a great deal.  She asked for 2 more and they just arrived.  Happy wife	 happy me!	review_date"
"Want to order more very comfy and sexy at the same time	review_date"
"I wish I got a smaller size	 but I was afraid it wouldn't fit. It fits true to size. Soft material. Very lovely and flowy.	review_date"
"Nightie is super soft	 even the lace parts. Hubby thinks it鈥檚 sexy. I ordered a size M when usually I鈥檇 be a S because of my larger bust and it was definitely the right thing to do.	review_date"
"I tend to sick towards babydoll because I've had two kids and can't really pass off showing the midriff anymore. lol I am always nervous purchasing items like this online cause you just know you'll look nothing like the model but I was pleasantly surprised. It was super cute	 fit great and the material is so soft. My husband loved it as well and it made me feel very sexy. Would definitely purchase more items like this.	review_date"
"Technically everything fit mostly fine. Length was great and the product was soft. The issue arose around the breast area. There is not enough space for anything larger than a C cup to fit comfortably in the top	review_date"
"Super comfy.  I really love the feeling of the material	 cool and soft.  I bought this in 2 different colors (pink and red) and definitely plan to get the rest of the colors.	review_date"
"I love this! I wasn't sure how it would look on me	 but it's very sexy	 and my partner really likes it. There is elastic under the \cups	\"" so my breasts stay in the right place (the lacy triangles are not shaped cups - it's the same stretchy lace the whole garment is made out of). I wear a size 16US (38C)	 and I ordered XXL	 which fits perfectly. It's very soft. I'm probably going to get another one in another color.""	review_date"
"Best nightgown I own.  Mom of 4	 so this is sexy but also long and demure if the kids come into the room for something.	review_date"
"This fits perfect and exactly what I want for the \honeymoon\"" look. Even if it is after a year of being married. The fabric is amazingly soft and the lingerie is very sexy while covering all the right places.""	review_date"
"Wayyyy too big. Spent a lot of time reading reviews to figure out what size to order	 sounded like a Small would be to small so I ordered a Medium and it's huge. Totally disappointing because the size chart is way off. I'm normally a 32DD and the small would probably fit fine	 but I'm too frustrated to order this again	review_date"
"The larger size does not seem to have a larger bust to go along with it	 but if you are going for half popping out of it	 it works. My husband likes it so I figure I'll keep it.	review_date"
"I love this material! It鈥檚 soft	 stretchy and flowey! The top could support more for women with bigger breast	 but I still love it! I ordered my exact size and had no issues with it. My husband also approves!	review_date"
"OMG!!!!  This is sooo cute.  I wanted a little something new for Valentines day so I ordered this early just in case I have to re order in another size.  I like the material and the top is very shape flattering.  It hid my imperfections well.  I ordered it in the black.  Cute little number!	review_date"
"This is exactly what I was looking for! Very flattering and sexy (without being slutty)	 and very comfy. My husband LOVED it	 which was my goal. Fit as expected. Very pleased!	review_date"
"Fit is what it says I order XL thinking it runs small nope just what it says. You will need to iron it out if the package.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this nightgown. It is extremely soft and comfy. It fits perfectly	 and its not to short. I will be buying more from this brand	review_date"
"It was exactly what I was looking for. It fits great. I am 5'4\ and about 140 lbs and the M fit perfect. Its comfortable and i love the color! Great price.""	review_date"
"Bought this and it had a hole on the mid right hand side over the chest. Returned it and purchased it again thinking the first time was just a fluke but it wasn't: same hole was in the mid right hand side of the second purchase and this time it was a bit bigger. Liked the set and it was a nice quality	 but I am giving it two stars because of the holes.	review_date"
"Fits according to sizing chart listed. Soft fabric	 nice lace detail	 cute pjs.	review_date"
"This was okay first item I've ordered of this nature that actually fit as expected. Unfortunately I didn't love it so it went back.	review_date"
"This little ensemble is so cute and sexy. Its soft and comfortable and even comes with a pair of thongs. Husband loved it!	review_date"
"I'm so in love with this adorable babydoll! It's cute and comfortable enough to sleep in. The material is so soft and Slinky which makes it lay perfectly in all the right places	 super flattering! I love the lace detail also. Will definitely order from this seller again	review_date"
"This is soft and pretty and fit as expected however	 I don't know how they could but they need to figure out some breast support. The girls hang like you're naked so if you have large natural breasts you are going to see underboob or nipples through the sheer lace that is supposed to be \under\"" your breasts.""	review_date"
"I ordered a size up like most reviews suggested and it fit my body so good! Nice and soft and looks beautiful! I was very impressed by this nighty !	review_date"
"Super comfortable to sleep in. Soft material.	review_date"
"I knew I needed to step up my sleep game. I just received my nightie today. I must say the quality is really good. I didn't know panties came with the order.I feel beautiful going to sleep. I am ordering two more in different colors.	review_date"
"Girlfriend looks wonderful in this item! However	 it does not support the chest area as much as desired.	review_date"
"Super comfortable and soft. This fit exactly as expected. It looks attractive	 but feels relaxing. Love it!	review_date"
"I love this it fits perfectly fits true to size is soft and feel so comfortable. I just love it I think I'm going to order one for my daughter	review_date"
"I really like this!  In my size	16	  I don't expect to find much that I feel cute/sexy in but this is great!  It is super comfy and sexy!!	review_date"
"Very cute	 much more silk lace than appears imo. A little snug around breasts but cute	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy. Does not look cheap. It is soft and fits well.	review_date"
"Great quality! Loved it.	review_date"
"I love the color of this lingerie. I am 5'4\ 	 125 lbs	 not really curvy and I went with the medium like a dummy. It was a bit to big but I took the sides in and now it fits much better. If I went with the small I think I would have liked it much more but I think it will be comfortable and I'll use it anyway.""	review_date"
"Great quality and the fit was just right.  I loved it and my husband did too!  Thanks!!!	review_date"
"Hard to find one that is not sheer and this was perfect...sexy	 soft	 and conservative.  I'm tall and loved the length as well.  I will order in additional colors for sure.	review_date"
"Im a size 10 and got the medium. It fits nicely and I highly recommend the red wine color. I couldn鈥檛 be happier with this! For less than $20 I got a soft and sexy outfit!	review_date"
"Great little number! Well made and hangs just right. I am always weary about buying this kind of stuff on line but as a busy mom I am glad that I found this.	review_date"
"Super cute night dress. The G matching string was an added bonus.	review_date"
"Love it	 so soft and cute!!	review_date"
"Me ancant贸	review_date"
"The product fits great and feels amazing.  I would order it again.	review_date"
"Very loose fitting. Kind of small for busty girls like me	 but it鈥檚 comfy and cute!	review_date"
"Super soft material. A little stretchy so it鈥檚 very comfortable and I like that the spaghetti straps are adjustable. Sexy and fits perfect. I鈥檓 going to order in another color as well.	review_date"
Super soft and wonderful fit. Despite being grey (not a fave color of my husband's) his eyebrows raised in a \how you doin?\" look. \\\\
"I purchased this item in Pink and Navy! Really pretty	 super soft \u0026 comfy and something sexy that you can enjoy 鈥渁ll night long鈥?and not just for a little while. The item runs true to size!	review_date"
"Fit is great	 I found out the color does not look great on me.	review_date"
"I love these . so nice to sleep in and are cool.	review_date"
"I didn't think you could find sexy get comfortable lingerie online but you can!!!	review_date"
"Fit is perfect and very comfortable.	review_date"
"A little small in the bust and waist but still beautiful and soft. Wish the bust was larger because the \girls\"" are on the verge of busting out but this is still totally wearable for my wedding night. (5'3\"" 240lbs size 20 pants 42DD)""	review_date"
"Great nightgown	review_date"
"Really cute on.	review_date"
"Very nice	 but not for large chested women. I'm a D and I'm kinda falling out with no support.	review_date"
"Boom baby	review_date"
"So love it. I had to send first one I ordered back it was a medium and too big.  I am 5'7 and 122lbs 36c.  I reordered a small and it was perfect	  Incredible soft and inside and out.  I order two other colors .	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Love this and wear it often.  So soft and pretty	review_date"
"its okay for the money	review_date"
"Great for every day sleep wear or for s special night. Soft and comfortable and makes boobs look great :)	review_date"
"It's actually better than I thought it was going to be....the fabric is really soft and it fits me just right.....is very sexy and my boyfriend loves it馃槉	review_date"
"When it鈥檚 on it looks just like the picture 	 and it feels so nice on	review_date"
"Hubby loved it!	review_date"
"I bought an XL and it fits perfect. The material is soft and it also came with a gstring. I would buy it again since they offer different colors.	review_date"
"LOVE IT FITS TO SIZE	review_date"
"Cheap crap! Too small in the bust and too big everywhere else. Fabric tore during sleep. Will not buy again!	review_date"
"This is exactly what I was looking for. It's very soft and stretchy fabric	 and the lace isn't itchy at all. I wanted to dip my toe into lingerie and this was perfect	review_date"
"I love this Chemise. It's sexy while also comfortable to sleep in. I do not use it at a slip.	review_date"
"Way too big.  Like plus size big.  Fits as a bed sheet for a twin bed	review_date"
"Very nice material. Does not itch and is easy to wash. Longer than I thought it would be which is a bonus!	review_date"
"so flattering and sexy!! my bf loved it :) I was worried about size	 but I even thought one size down would have looked great.For reference: I鈥檓 5鈥?	 220lbs	 very curvy	 ordered XL	review_date"
"It fit like a glove	 the material is soft and the lace is no where as irritating as I was anticipating. One of the best things I've ordered off Amazon	review_date"
"My girls didn't like this and didnt stay put well	 bur aside from that the fabric was soft and comfy	review_date"
"This is a super comfy nightie. Super pleased with the quality.	review_date"
"Fits well	 and love the feel i love the simplicity of it.	review_date"
"Soft	 very pretty	 SMALL CUPS! I鈥檓 a D cup and I fall right out of the top馃槩	review_date"
"comfy!	review_date"
"Came with a rip in the front	 cute but not very well made. Will be returing.	review_date"
"Love it and so dies my husband.  The material is so soft!	review_date"
"Adorable and comfortable	review_date"
"I love this product!! It鈥檚 so comfy and soft to sleep in!	review_date"
"Material ok but kind of rough feeling	review_date"
"This is comfortable and sexy.  Nice for wearing around the house in evening and nice to sleep in.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?weight 120 lbs and wear 32a bra. This lingerie fit me perfectly	review_date"
"TTS! And it鈥檚 so comfy to sleep in!	review_date"
"I am a DD in a bra. Too small but nice gown.	review_date"
"Very soft fabric and great quality. My husband was happy!	review_date"
"Not as comfortable as other purchased.	review_date"
"Bought this to wear under my robe for getting ready on my wedding day. I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?and was worried it wouldn鈥檛 be long enough but it鈥檚 perfect and so comfy! Came in super wrinkled and will need to be steamed before wearing.	review_date"
"The material is very nice.	review_date"
"So soft!! Love!	review_date"
"I love the colour it fits perfectly. But there is a lot of mold on the front.i need it to be change or i need a refund	review_date"
"Beautiful yet runs small.	review_date"
"It was nicer then expected and included panties that where not noted so a extra suprize.	review_date"
"Wonderful fits great very soft not too short not too long beautiful piece	review_date"
"fits as expected	 material kinda cheap	review_date"
"I like this sleeping dress a lot. Just as expected. Very nice	 the size fits perfect. Price worth it definitely.	review_date"
"I love this. It fits perfectly and is super comfortable. Would def buy from this brand again!	review_date"
"The item was larger than the size normally wear.  It's okay	review_date"
"Fit was perfect and I loved the material.	review_date"
"Sizing is spot on	 comfortable	 sexy.	review_date"
"Quality product for a great price. It fit as I hoped and was sized as expected.	review_date"
"She loved the gift!	review_date"
"Very feminine	review_date"
"Fits true to size and soft material	review_date"
"Fits perfect!! It has a lot of extra fabric more like a dress but its beautiful.	review_date"
"Not a bad night garment. Comfy!	review_date"
"Came as expected. The fabric is very soft. It offers no support	 so I wouldn't order this if you have a larger chest.	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"Its super cute and it fits really well everywhere except the breasts. The cups are TINY.	review_date"
"Sooooo pretty. It falls nicely and material is just so soft. Expensive feeling	 yet cheap price. And the back lining is lace and it just makes you feel sexy without being unmodest. it's nice.	review_date"
"Beautiful Color	 true to size. Adjustable straps which works perfectly for me being 5鈥?1 and still breastfeeding. I love it.	review_date"
"The fabric was amazing and I really wanted to like this.  But there just was not enough material for my boobs.  I ordered a large	 but it was still too small.  I wear a 36DD.	review_date"
"Mine ripped as I was putting it on the first time. I ordered a size up	 so it is quite roomy but as I pulled it over my head the fabric separated from the lace. It is very comfy and cute but I am disappointment with the quality.	review_date"
"Love the soft material.  The lace adds a feminine touch.  Great for sleeping!	review_date"
"I'm very happy with the product.	review_date"
"I loved the feel of the lace and the way it adhered to my body. It was a little smaller than I would like. I would probably order a medium the next time.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 nice texture	 a must have!	review_date"
"Product was just a bit too big but over all it鈥檚 good quality. I would definitely buy in other colors.	review_date"
"Beautiful and great quality too!	review_date"
"Wish there was a little support in the bust area	review_date"
"Pre washed before wearing in delicate cycle with other delicates....the entire top border of the lace on the bodice unraveled!  Very disappointed!	review_date"
"My boyfriend likes it!	review_date"
"It's a little weird on the pricing and the straps did not hold. At all. I broke them both within owning it a little over a month	review_date"
"Really soft and it fits well	review_date"
"Nice for price!!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Loved the fit and feel of this	 sadly straps broke after first wash (used gentle cycle too).	review_date"
"If you're top heavy don't buy this it just isn't gonna work!	review_date"
"Picture is a pretty 鈥渨ine red鈥?that鈥檚 almost purple. Got a fire truck red slip made of a different fabric then pictured.	review_date"
"Soft	 good quality	 great buy.	review_date"
"Pretty but the strap broke the first time I wore it	review_date"
"Nice Product but was a little to smallcharles	review_date"
"Very smallCheap materialNot happy	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Amazing quality	 very soft.	review_date"
"Boom	review_date"
"Fit was good with good quality	review_date"
"Bought it as  bridal shower gift. I love it! I'm sure the bride to be will love it too. Very pretty	 feels so soft and great quality.	review_date"
"Soft and comfy. I wouldn't call this sexy lingerie by any measure	 but it's definitely pretty sleepwear! It appears sort of cheaply made	 but it is very comfortable.Update: very cheaply made	 the lace is already ripped from normal washing!	review_date"
"The fit is not sexy. If flows big like a granny gown There's no support in the breast area.	review_date"
"Is big on the bust!! And if you are going to have a baby it's nice too go by the size of your measuring bust!!! It's too big for someone that likes tight clothes!! And if you are out to by New clothes online with tight bust and flowy material (like a dress) think can I but a size smaller buy the size of the bust (and don't go smaller than the fit) and pick something that works for you!!!!	review_date"
"Not worth	review_date"
"This is soo cheap.  Don鈥檛 waste your money.	review_date"
"Nice material fits right looks pretty however the hooks are plastic and break very easily returned	review_date"
"This was more than what I thought it was going to be.  The feel of delicate lace	 but the strength of standard cotton this teddy it's the best of multiple worlds!  I love how slinky the material flows as I walk around.  The top actual did a pretty good job of holding up my breasts also!I very enjoy this garment	review_date"
"I loved it as soon as I open the package. It was absolutely stunning and So Soft I couldn't wait to take a shower and put it on for the evening. The fabric is unbelievably comfortable in the lace is smooth. I want to buy one in every color.	review_date"
"This is my first white lingerie itsas shown on the picture and itsalso super comfortable.... fits asexpected and the designs onfront and back are super cute...i feel comfortable and sexy whilewearing this lingerie i think itsone of my best ones.. oh i lovethe material is super soft likebuttery soft 馃槏	review_date"
"The material is so soft and heavenly!  The elastic lace is surprisingly soft also.  I'm only 5'1\ so this fit me a bit longer than shown in the picture but I don't mind given how comfortable and cute this is!  Couldn't be happier.... I plan on buying  at least 3 more in different colors!""	review_date"
"Love this piece. It鈥檚 not only sexy	 but comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"Love Love Love this :) Super comfy to sleep in and flattering! :) This is one actually true to size. 5'4\ / 175lbs	 ordered a medium in navy.""	review_date"
"Absolutely loved these - they fit great and look gorgeous but are so poorly made.  I bought two - one black one and one navy blue.  I wore each one only once.  The black one's lace quick tore and the blue one	 the straps came off due to poor sewing.  So incredibly disappointing.	review_date"
"I love this so much	 it is very flattering and comfortable.	review_date"
"I received this outfit today	 and I鈥檓 obsessed. The material is so soft and perfect for sleeping. The shipping was fast as well.	review_date"
"Not good	review_date"
"LOVED THIS! So sexy and he loved it! Feels nice to have lingerie I feel confident in wearing and he loves too! I got an XL and I鈥檓 a 38C 5鈥?鈥?and 170lbs	review_date"
":-)	review_date"
"I recently purchased this gorgeous nighty/slip from Aranee an the moment I put this on I felt so sexy an confident! The material is soft an smooth it feels incredible on your skin! Almost as if your not wearing anything at all! This nighty has the perfect coverage for a little mystery an lace in places for a sensual sneak peek! The straps are adjustable an mine came with a nice pair of stringy thongs! This nighty is also a slip to wear under your clothes	 it fits seemlessly under my dresses I can hardly tell it's there! As a nighty it is very comfortable an breathable to sleep in	 moving around is effortless	 there's no sagging either it has great support	 it's very flattering	 it form fits to you incredibly	 hugging your body in all the right places! This nighty flows with your movements perfectly giving you the look an feel you want! It's not stiff or awkward you don't need to worry about how you look in this because it makes you look flawless! You can pull off any sexy pose you want	 you don't have to worry that you will have a slip because everything stays in place beautiful! Most lingerie makes it hard to move as they are so delicate you fear ruining it or they don't hold you up that well	 this lingerie is durable an sturdy the lace can even stand up to anything! It's a unique yet classic design	 I feel empowered an pretty wearing this! Plus my husband loves it too! It's not only for him though I buy these things for myself to feel good about myself	 as long as a piece makes you feel great that's all that really matters! I think you will feel amazing in this like I do! I really love the look an feel of this nighty! I definitely think you should try this out or at least see what this company has to offer they make many beautiful items!	review_date"
"This is so SEXY! Super soft	 and comfy too! I feel it fits very true to size! I'm a medium	 about 10/12 and a 34dd and it fits me perfectly!	review_date"
"Omg I bought almost every color from this designer. I can't believe how cute and sexy it is. The cost does it no justice	 if i saw it in a store I would've paid triple. I will never buy lingerie from anyone else... washes well in cold water and I hang it up to dry. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 really insecure about how lingerie hangs	 actually really like this. Great material	 comes off with out ripping and really comfy. I鈥檇 buy it again. Actually might get it in another color.	review_date"
"This piece is very soft on your body the fit is perfect material is nice  Quality  just wish a robe came with it	review_date"
"This fit perfect!! I love it and it鈥檚 going to last a lot longer than the others I bought on here!	review_date"
"Fits well. I Love it.	review_date"
"This dress is just beautiful. I haven't been able to wear it yet until it warms up a bit. The color is a beautiful blue and white back ground. The material has a sculpture design in it and it fits true to size. I definitely would recommend this dress to everyone.	review_date"
"Love it. It is a little short in length but it works.	review_date"
"Pretty color	 love the style	 but the fabric is poor quality and after one washing was stretched and misshapen.	review_date"
"Loved it! Got to wear it once before my daughter removed it from my closet for herself. Looks great on her and she loves it too!	review_date"
"It was pretty	 but the straps were broken. It wasn鈥檛 nice enough to bother with an exchange	review_date"
"Super cute and everyone loved it 馃槏	review_date"
"Very pretty the maroon looks very Christmasy in person.  Will make a great holiday gown.  Fits exactly as expected with the sizing chart.	review_date"
"Very soft material! 4 months pregnant/160lbs. Large fit great! Boyfriend is going to love it. :)	review_date"
"Very soft fits great	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"Very nice for the price	review_date"
"Love the way it looks on my wife	review_date"
"the wife loves it.	review_date"
"Very soft material and well made.	review_date"
"The lace is not scratchy	  it's soft.  The panties are pointless.	review_date"
"Nice quality look and feel.	review_date"
"I would recommend this item to friends and family	review_date"
"Cute but not what I was expecting	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Looks great on and looks like I paid more for it.  Only downside to the dress is	 it smashed my boobs down	 other than that	 great dress.	review_date"
"I like loose flowy dresses due to large bust size	 and a bit too much around the middle. This is very nice and comfortable. A fun summer dress.	review_date"
"I Love this Dress I wish it was just a little longer	review_date"
"I like it though my boobs aren't like the girl in the picture! My guy likes it too!	review_date"
"My Hubby loves it :) ordered a another color and want every color .. So comfy tooooo	review_date"
"Soft material and fits well - I am 5'6 and 171lbs - perfect fit.	review_date"
"For as expected	review_date"
"Fits great	  love the design.	review_date"
"Perfect!!	review_date"
"Very comfortable soft and sexy. It鈥檚 my favorite. Good quality	 it doesn鈥檛 rip or tear after wearing it for a while.	review_date"
"You get what you pay!	review_date"
"Soft fabric. As described.	review_date"
"Awesome dress...it is soft on the inside and the length is just past my knees (I am 5'5\).""	review_date"
"Fits nicely	review_date"
"I like it	 comfortable material	review_date"
"Soft \u0026 cozy. Great product for the price.  Just as good as expensive ones I've bought elsewhere.	review_date"
"Loved this sexy little nighty. Totally cute and very comfortable	review_date"
"Great prize	 great fabric!	review_date"
"Sexy and cute!	review_date"
"Great quality with embossed fabric	review_date"
"The thong has way too little material	review_date"
"Looks lovely on my wife	review_date"
"Like the fabric. It鈥檚 fit perfect.	review_date"
"Bought this dress for my wife	 as far as I can tell it looks super great on her... will probably order in other color choices!	review_date"
"Lencer铆a sexi	review_date"
"Fits great!	review_date"
"Super soft and comfortable	review_date"
"I got so many compliments on this dress	 the material is great	 and super comfy. BONUS IT HAS POCKETS!!	review_date"
"This is a perfect dress for fall and winter cute! and comfy and warm	review_date"
"wife loves it.	review_date"
"Love it I am getting married 馃懓 June 2019 and cannot wait to wear this on my honeymoon!!!!  Purchased  This in a large in the color wine 馃嵎 red and cannot for my future husband to see me in it!!!	review_date"
"Absolutely love this sexy thing and so does my husband:)	review_date"
"It worked. Thank you	review_date"
"Bought it for a gift looked better on the picture hope she likes it i gave her a gift receipt in case she wants to do an exchange!	review_date"
"This is very comfortable	 soft material and fits exactly how expected. I鈥檒l be ordering some in other colors for sure. Great deal!!!	review_date"
"This sleepwear is so comfortable. I love modal fabric and how smooth/soft it feels. I am nursing right now and I love this fabric both for me on my sensitive skin and for my baby	 who loves grabbing and holding on to the fabric while in my arms. It鈥檚 also super cute and modest enough that I can wear it with a robe as a nightdress at home with visitors. It looks cute and it is comfy	 and I couldn鈥檛 ask for more right now.	review_date"
"I got this gift for my girlfriend for her birthday and she absolutely loves it.  She really likes the color of the fabric and said it's super comfortable to wear.  The cross strap on the back was a definite favorite of hers and says it's super cute.  She couldn't wait to put it on and model it for me. The one thing she did say was that she would like for the material to be more silky	 but overall she is very pleased with this and I'm sure it'll be in her regular rotation of clothing.	review_date"
"This is a super soft material I really love this breathable material. I felt very sexy in this but not super tight and not super loose either. Love the color and the material is a very soft material that I really enjoy. Will be purchasing more in the future and will be recommending to all my friends.	review_date"
"I loved these nighties! So soft and so sexy! They fit well and are very accomodating to your body. I purchased a XXL and is a size 16 normally. I didn鈥檛 want to take these off.	review_date"
"This fits wired on the chest area and no 8matter how loose or tight I do the straps they still fall off my shoulders this is definitely a cheap garment. I think it may even be over priced	review_date"
"I love how this lingerie drapes over my body. It is comfortable and sexy all wrapped into one cute package. I could wear this at any time of the day just to lounge around	 cuddle with my partner	 or sleep.	review_date"
"Sizing chart helped chosing 100%. Very nice quality material. Thanks so much! Will shop again	review_date"
"I wish this were a little more flowy and less fitted - I鈥檓 a true 2x and it slightly hugs my curves.  But it鈥檚 still very pretty and soft and I鈥檒l keep it.	review_date"
"I love the way this feels. It's nice and soft. I also like the criss crossed straps in the back. Straps are adjustable to get the right fit.	review_date"
"Nice and sexy nightgown!Very soft and beautiful!The red color is darkner than that in pictures but it鈥檚 ok I like it too.Very comfortable for sleep.	review_date"
"This is so comfy. It'll be very nice to sleep in	 in the summer	 living in an area that gets Extra hot.	review_date"
"So happy with this purchase. Really soft and comfortable and cute. Will definitely be ordering more in different colors.	review_date"
"This fits perfectly	 the material is soft and most important my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Bought his and hers for the wife and i. Sexy and good quality	review_date"
"Super soft	 not too firm fitting and not too roomy. I love it!	review_date"
"I am surprised how soft it is. The red color is more of a dark red-burgundy. The straps are adjustable. So far I like it!!!	review_date"
"How. How is this a	 \Best Seller\"" ? Fooled and gullible again to try clothing from Amazon. Paper thin.. I right away could see the light on the other side as I pulled it from it's packaging. My heart sunk. Well. Here goes another pain in the neck return. Material scrathy as well. Elegant packaging though. Just wish it lived up to the hype of best seller even a teeny bit. I'm just going to stick with Amazon for vitamins. Fooled to much on clothing""	review_date"
"LOVE! Bought 2 colors \u0026 they flatter me perfectly.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and comfortable on. I want to buy more in other colors. The size fit me perfectly as described in the size chart. Very satisfied!!!	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Very light weight and long enough it covers my cheeks. Soft and flowy.	review_date"
"Nice and soft. Love it!!	review_date"
"great cotton nightie! Constructed well	 stitching is solid. I am always worried buying clothes online. I am very pleased with my purchase.	review_date"
Very soft
"great fit. great feel. cute and sexy.	review_date"
"This thing is so comfy.  It fit exactly as expected (I got the large) and it's so soft.	review_date"
"Very soft	 comfortable fabric.  Good for a casual night gown.  Size is a little larger than expected	 however strap is adjustable.	review_date"
"I really love the soft fabric	 one of the best! This sleepwear really fits well on me and very comfy.	review_date"
"This is an extremely soft nightgown.  Fits great and makes you feel sexy also! The matching underwear are cute but a little on the bigger size for me.	review_date"
"Love this nightie. So cute.	review_date"
"I love this slip!  Needed it for an event	 but it was so pretty and comfy that I wear as a nightgown.  The quality is excellent and fit true to size.	review_date"
"Soft n silky feeling	 she liked it	review_date"
"Cute and very comfy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a lil small for being a large due to the straps not bein long enough	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 love the material. Very flattering.	review_date"
"I love it!  Very soft	 stretchy and sexy.  I ordered the XXL fits true to size.  The price is great	 you can鈥檛 go wrong. Fast delivery	review_date"
"Perfect product and quick shipping. What else can you ask for?	review_date"
"It fit perfectly	 looks great	 and is very comfortable!	review_date"
"Fits great and is comfy too	review_date"
"I Love This!!! I Decided To Buy This For This Upcoming Valentines Day As A Surprise For My BF! I've Never Bought Lingerie Online So I Was Very Hesitant But This Turned Out To Be A Good Buy!!! It Fits Very Well. BTW I'm 270lbs and I'm 5'7\ \u0026 I Wear A 22 In Jeans With A Somewhat Small Bust Size So If You Got Big Boobies Then I Would Suggest A Matching Bra But Besides That Its A Good One.... PS... I Bought A 3x""	review_date"
"This is amazing and the price is even better! My only issue is that it rides up my crotch a little but I have a long torso so that's normal! 馃槀 It came with stockings but the ones I am wearing	 I bought separately! Fits like a glove!! I'm 5'2 120 lbs and I got a medium! Highly recommend!	review_date"
"This is AMAZING. This is GREAT quality. I felt so sexy in it. It has a good stretch to it. I thought when I held it up it would be too small	 but it was perfect. I'm 5'4\ 135lbs	 I got a large because I have a large chest and bigger hips. Fits like a dream.""	review_date"
"I went with the beige color. I would describe it more as a pastel pink or light salmon which is more or less what鈥檚 pictured. I am 5鈥?3鈥? 120lbs	 26鈥?waist and a b cup. The medium fit comfortably. Good quality for its price. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Love this!! It's super soft and fits the way I wanted it to.  I got a large. I'm 154 lbs 5'7\""	review_date:February 14	 2018""	star"
"Let me just say	 I buy a lot of lingerie pieces	 both cheap	 expensive and in between. I paid $10 for this thinking I was going to get a cheap quality set....NOPE! I am super freaking impressed here! It's excellent quality	 it fits beautifully	 and it's a very attractive shade of blue! Buy with confidence here! I'm checking out the other colors as I type!	review_date"
"First off	 this thing is soooo soft. Huge plus for me. Very comfy to move around in	 and its as pretty in person as the product image. I want another one in a different color. Its a tiny bit \short\"" so it rides up a bit (im 5ft even) but thats my only downside.""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 135lb 34C and ordered a large. It fit perfectly and it made me look absolutely spectacular. The color was an intense blue but I actually ended up liking it on.	review_date"
"OMG. I try not to say \OMG\"" often as I find it pretty annoying	 but this piece of lingerie is truly OMG worthy. I honestly expected to hate it	 and only bought it because one of my friends swears by one piece style lingerie and it was cheap. Why did I expect to hate it? It looks tight	 doesn't look like it would have much breast support (kinda important with DDD's) and I am super	 super self-conscious. However	 I tried this on and immediately loved it. Without a bra	 my breasts were held in a position that really accentuated their volume and cleavage. The lace is in just the right spot that my pudgy tummy didn't bother me at all. The middle band was tight enough to show off my waistline	 but overall the entire piece is loose enough to be super comfortable. This piece makes me feel confident	 comfortable	 and sexy as hell. And yes	 my boyfriend loves it too.""	review_date"
"After reading many mixed reviews on this item	 I figured I would give it the old college try. As Ron Burgundy would say	 \I regret this decision immediately.\""I am a size 12 pant	 large top	 and weigh 175 pounds. Also on the taller side. So I sized up TWICE according to the reviews.My size 2XL was delivered quickly	 I'll give them that. But	 as you see from my picture	 it came with a hole in it	 and could fit a toddler. (Not that a toddler should wear lingerie	 but you get the point.) The product is cheaply made and way to small.I'm gonna take the blame on this one. You get what you pay for. I should have already known that.""	review_date"
"Bought this for my boudoir shoot. The silk and the fabric feel thick and good quality. I am 5'3 and about 140 lbs. I ordered a large and it fit perfectly. I recommend to everyone!	review_date"
"I love this	 it looks exactly like the pictures. However this doesn鈥檛 fit my chest whatsoever and I cannot manipulate it to look even remotely good. I have a 40DDD chest and it barely covers anything	 lots of side boob and if I try to cover that I get some weird underboob action. There is also a small rip where the lace and fishnet meet on the stomach but it鈥檚 easily covered. The piece fits perfectly everywhere but the boobs. I鈥檓 uploading a picture with my own bra underneath which works a little better for me.	review_date"
"Ordered xxl. I鈥檓 normally a L/XL in us. Fits like XL.Color true to advertisement.Soft lace.Straps adjustable.	review_date"
"I ordered XL in blue (I'm a small/4 dress in USA sizes) I'm 5'9 with a long torso so I know when ordering one pieces I need to order up. Surprisingly this fit amazing! Covers my DD breasts well.its soft \u0026 sexy \u0026 really inexpensive. I'll be ordering more in different Colors. It's really pretty	 just order up 2-3 sizes.	review_date"
"This bodysuit is actually comfortable to wear	 I normally wear a size small	 but I ordered medium based off of someone's review. For reference I am 5'1 and 105 lbs. A small may have worked too.	review_date"
"The lace is SO SOFT. The bra hook/eye chest piece makes it have just the right amount of support. It's sexy	 obviously. The lace is placed just right so that my belly is camouflaged and I feel like even made to look even sexier.I like the satin ribbon/belt	 but it's so long that you can't wear this under any clothing	 and that's the only reason you can't. That's also the reason for the four star review over five - even a dress with the waistline above the belt of the garment	 I can't wear this underneath because the belt shows.Did I mention that the lace is SO SOFT? It wasn't super expensive	 especially for what it is	 and it's so comfortable I literally wore it around my house for hours. I would 100% buy it again	 and would recommend if you're on the fence that you buy it too.Sizing reference: I wear a 14-16 dress	 38B bra	 14-16 pants	 5'5\. I have a big ol' booty. Granted	 this doesn't have any booty coverage expected	 but it fit exactly right - which is tough to do online	 I think. I was worried about the fit over my hips	 but it did fine. I got the XX-Large in black	 followed the size chart in the description""	review_date"
"Two stars. One because if you have normal sized breasts	 this will not fit. I have C cup breasts and they pour out of the sides of this lingerie. I am 5'7 and ordered a Large. I tried it on and the strap connected to the back of the piece snapped off in one swift motion"
"I ordered this in Black a few months ago and ordered XXXL because I wear a 38F. It鈥檚 super sexy. My fianc茅 loved it even more so I had to order another in my favorite color (purple). It鈥檚 actually a deep plum color which I love even more. I tried the XXL this time because I felt the XXXL was just a bit too big! The more snug it fits	 the more hold for the twins.	review_date"
"Bought this for a white bunny shoot. So cute and so so so sexy. The bow tie in the back and the bra clasps go for a really cute back look.	review_date"
"I purchase a lot of lingerie. As in	 I have three drawers and several hangers dedicated to my collection. This was a bit out of my usual comfort range	 and I am so happy I made the purchase. I am 6ft	 range between 140 and 150	 with an A/B chest and pretty much own Medium everything. I can see this working on so many body types as it covered the areas I am uncomfortable with	 while highlighting basically everything. It was also comfortable	 and while realistically	 that's not usually a requirement for something I don't plan on wearing long	 this has moved into my rotation of regular sleepwear. Do yourself a favor	 and give this piece a chance.	review_date"
"I didn't love this as much as my husband did but that was the point. I got the XL. I'm 5'10\	 maybe 165lbs (I don't weigh myself) and 36d. The breast area on this teddy is small...I was spilling out on all sides. It almost wasn't long enough	 it fit snugly in all cracks of the nether regions. But for the purpose of this getup it worked great	 even though it fit wrong in almost every way I did feel sexy in it	 which I don't feel that way too often. My husband was very pleased which made it worth it.""	review_date"
"I love this piece! I'm about 125 pounds	 5'4	 and 34A cup and the medium fit me perfectly. I was a little concerned about sizing at first because things that fit me around the waist are usually too big in the boob area	 but this was the perfect size. Super comfortable and has room to stretch. I love it	 it's super cute and comfy! Highly recommend!	review_date"
"	review_date"
"I feel like a million bucks in this!! The outfit fit me perfectly and gives me enough coverage in my problem areas while still being sexy af. The back of it is a low thong	 kind of in between super high boy shorts and a thong	 so I love that it properly covers my love handles. The bow in the back is big and sits right on top of your behind. The waist belt cinches in your waist at the tiniest part making me feel like a dream. Would definitely recommend for lots of shapes and sizes	 I think this would look flattering on anyone! I am 5'4 cuvy 180 lbs	review_date"
"I bought this for my wedding night. I have to admit	 I was really hesitant to buy lingerie online without trying it on first. The package arrived today and it fit! The lace is super soft and delicate	 which I love. It definitely does not look cheap	 although the price definitely is.I am a a mother to two children. My body is definitely not perfect. I have some troublesome areas around my lower stomach. This lingerie did a great job of hiding my problem areas! The lace bow that wraps around the waistline does an excellent job of slimming your figure. I honestly did not feel self conscious in the slightest while wearing this.I only gave it 4 stars because it ran slightly large in my opinion. I followed the size chart and ordered an xxl for my 5鈥? and 160 pound figure. The lingerie did fit just fine but was a little loose in some areas	 particularly the bottom. The fabric is very stretchy	 so ordering one size smaller is definitely the way to go. I鈥檓 very curvy so it is hardly noticeable but next time I will make sure to order one size smaller.	review_date"
"Feels nice and soft	 although I don't think it would survive the washer machine or dryer	 so I'll hand wash and air dry it just in case. It also is stretchy everywhere except in the middle where the satin tie is. For reference	 I'm 5'2 135 lbs and a 36 B. The medium fit me great	 I just needed to adjust the straps heavily	 those needed to be all the way loose. Overall though it is nice for the price.	review_date"
"I had little hope these would fit. It was a shot in the dark. I am only 5'1\ but pear shaped. 36b bust. Weigh a sturdy 170. I got the XXL. It fits GREAT. I nearly cried. There are real adjustable bra hooks in back and a satin waist tie. Even my small boobs looked great	  no gapping. I'm going to get the other colors.""	review_date"
"I am impressed with the quality	 the teddy is beautiful and the color is spectacular. I wish I had gone by the measurements they put in the description for the bra sizes. The thing is very stretchy and I thought since the stomach was good the ladies would be too. I was wrong. They struggle to stay in. Take it from me the bottom half will look great	 follow the chest measurements.I wear a size US 10/12 and a 38D -I bought a L  for reference.Added bonus* They sent a bra extender with the teddy!	review_date"
"Great quality	 fits perfectly	 and really cute. My partner loves it and I feel extremely sexy and confident in it. The only problem I've had is with the cups. I only have D cups but it still showed off a lot more cleavage than expected. Someone with a bigger bust may want to buy a black bra to go under. I've worn it as a shirt a few times with some high waisted paints and a jacket	 looks great. BTW	 to help others order the correct size	 I ordered an XXL	 I'm 5'10 and 220 lbs	review_date"
"i鈥檓 5鈥?	120	 and 32dd. i don鈥檛 remember what size i bought but it fits and the color was as pictured. i鈥檝e only washed it a couple times but so far it鈥檚 held up well. it鈥檚 pretty comfortable. but tying the ribbon back looks kind of unflattering on me bc it鈥檚 meant for that curve in your figure most women have. unfortunately i have narrow hips	 broad ribs	 and a short torso	 so my figure is about as straight as a pole.one other thing about this piece you have to be careful about is making sure you adjust your boobs so they go in the designated boob area. the only reason i mention that is because one time i put it on without adjusting them	 and when i looked in the mirror 10 min or so later	 i was low key mortified of the quadruple boob i鈥檇 given myself. however	 you shouldn鈥檛 have to worry about it after adjusting them though bc the stitching underneath the boob holding part is very sturdy and will stay in place.	review_date"
"I cant believe this beautiful garment is less than $15.00. I'm 5'5\	 115lbs. Size 34B and the small fits perfectly. The bra strap in the back has 3 hook tightness options	 and the shoulder straps are adjustable to fit this to your body perfectly. The ribbon tie in the back is thick and sturdy	 and totally makes this outfit 100% cute and sexy.  Will buy more colors!""	review_date"
"Loveeee	review_date"
"I am 4\11	 weigh around 135 lbs.	 and am pretty curvy.  So after reading the reviews	 I decided to buy a large.  The fit is excellent and I feel so confident in my red lingerie.  I bought this outfit more for myself than for anyone else--but I wish I could go out and run errands in my sensual attire.  I feel so powerful! (And I sent pictures to my close pals to show them how great this outfit looks. It's not weird if you and your friends have no boundaries.) I highly recommend this product because it makes you feel great and because the material is comfortable"
"BUY BUY BUY!But size up! I'm 5'11 195 and usually wear an extra large but I was scared so I sized up to an xxl because I have a long torso and it fit amazing! Best lingerie piece I have and it was only $12!!!! Bye bye Victoria secret hello amazon	review_date"
"After going down the AZ rabbit hole looking for a body suit for like 4 hours	 I decided this was the one to try	 great call! I am very happy with it	 all of the lace \u0026 fishnet materials are soft and strechy. I got it in black \u0026 xxxl. I am short (5'3\)	 small chested (42b) and big in the behind. Typically I am a 1-2xl or size 18	 so I did go up a bit from my normal size. I will say if you have a big chest	 this is not going to be supportive and the lace wouldn't withstand if u over tightened the shoulder straps. But it would probably look great with a coordinating bra under it anyway. While the crotch does not have snaps	 it is narrow \u0026 strechy enough to be pulled easily to the side for whatever you need to do. "
"I normally wear a small but sized up to a medium. I wear a 36b and it fit the bust area a bit small	 so I'd recommend a large. Besides that	 it is very soft and the material doesn't look cheap. It also hugs my figure very nicely and enhances the butt. Good buy for the price.	review_date"
"I might have sized up but even being just a tad small this piece works for me. Surprisingly well made and very	 very sexy! There's enough of a stretch that if you err on the small size	 like I did	 there is still plenty of forgiveness. I also like that you can wear a bra underneath for extra fun. The bow in the back is super cute and definitely adds to the femininity of this teddy. Would recommend! (I bought mine in black - love it!) Also	 I'm 5'9 and went with L.	review_date"
"WOW!!! By far the best $11.99 I've ever spent. I usually order lingerie from Victoria's Secret and pay more than 4x what I paid for this piece. It is made from very good quality material and it hugs in all the right places. The picture on Amazon doesn't capture how beautiful this lingerie is. A small is a perfect fit. I am 5'4 and 125 lbs. Very flattering I am definitely going to order more items from the company.	review_date"
"Loooove this and you can't beat the price! As a size 18 it can be difficult to find pretty things in my price range. I will DEFINITELY be ordering from them again. L	review_date"
"This is absolutely gorgeous for the price! I ordered a size up and it fit perfectly. I was worried that since I鈥檓 smaller chested it wouldn鈥檛 fit as good	 but it fit.For reference I added a picture. I鈥檓 5鈥? 150lbs and wear a size 10 in jeans and 32c bra.	review_date"
"It's super cute and I was literally in shock when it came. I ordered this as a bridal shower gift for my cousin and I'm so glad I read the reviews! It was SUPER small. My cousin is an xs shes very tiny and if I would have ordered her actually size it would look like a baby outfit. I ordered a medium for her and it looks like it will still be small on her. Its really nice though the ribbon and the netting are very good quality the lace is sorta cheap but definitely not terrible considering I paid next to nothing for it. Super pretty and worth it but if you are curvy I would be a bit hesitant.	review_date"
"It's a pretty close dead-ringer to something I saw on Journelle. Sizing can be wonky	 so look at the chart in the images before you order (I'm 5'11\	 135 lbs. and got an XL that fit perfectly). It's also really soft and very flattering.  I saw a little bit of unraveling near the crotch but come on"
"My husband was very pleased. I only have one complaint	 it rides up the whooha! It also gets in the way if wearing it when I'm with my husband. Wish it had a button or snap or was crotchless! It also snags very easily! So I'm exrta careful when wearing it . when I had tried it on I was wearing my watch and it's snagged on my watch :-(	review_date"
Item was way too small. Ordered the largest they had and I'm not THAT big. I'm 230 and 5'4\ with C-D cup breasts. Item was put on the last clasp in the bust area and was too small and material was pulling on my stomach. The item itself is gorgeous and I hate that it doesn't fit! Sad really . 
"I used this for my photo shoot	 it fits truly perfect as I ordered my regular size. Fits as described. I love the colors an it took a great photo shoot. If I can I'll upload a picture. I wore a see thru white fishnet thing over it with thigh highs.	review_date"
"This one piece sexy bodysuit lingerie deserves a 5-star for its design	 quality of fabric	 and its cost. It looks as pictured and as described. I feel sexy wearing it and I love how it feels next to my skin"
"Definitely size up	 I usually wear a medium but ordered a large	 which fit but just. Medium never would have fit. It's really nice though	 very soft lace	 super comfortable and exactly what I wanted.	review_date"
"This was my first lingerie purchase	 and I saw the reviews and decided to try it out. I am not even kidding	 IT IS AMAZING. So comfortable and soft	 but fits so nice and beautiful!! I saw in the reviews that bigger chested girls got a size up (for reference I am 5'2	 118 pounds	 32 DD) so I got a medium. I was even skeptical about that because I am petite so I did not want it loose. It was not at all! I did have to tie it tight and adjust the bra	 but it fits nicely (not too tight at all or loose). The most important thing: I feel confident as hell!! And for the price???? I completely recommend this product!!	review_date"
"Overall cute and worth the money	 IF it fit. A lot of people say in the reviews that it fit true to size. I am 210	 38D	 5'7\	 and the xxl did not fit at all. I found this piece under plus size intimates so i expected it to be *much* larger. That said	 it was stretchy	 which i like in a lingerie and i imagine it wouldve been comfortable. I would order again if i thought the so called plus sizes were actually big enough. XXL fit how I would imagine a medium or large would if i tried to squeeze em on.""	review_date"
"Update - I wore this one time. When putting it on	 the left strap detached from the garment's main portion	 thus ruining it. I knew this wasn't high quality (due to the price) but I was hoping to get at least *one* wear out of it. No such luck. If you're considering this - pass on it!Original Review - I am normally a Small or Extra Small	 but this size chart is different than standard ones. I'm glad I used it and ordered a Large	 it fits perfectly. Side note: I thought it broke when I unpacked it	 but it was a 'bonus' piece which was a bra hook extender. I don't need one	 but it was nice to know it came with that option.	review_date"
"As a reference	 I鈥檓 5鈥?	 34D	 waist: 30鈥? hips: 37鈥? shoulder to crotch: about 27鈥? I ordered a medium.This is a beautiful piece of lingerie! It doesn鈥檛 look cheaply made at all. The material isn鈥檛 itchy at all.It stretches and has some give to it- perfect for hugging your curves. It does ride up my coochie a bit but only after moving around a lot. Covers the perfect amount of my breasts.I will definitely be ordering in other colors.	review_date"
"Wow!!That was my initial reaction when opening the package that this product came in!!I鈥檝e seen a lot of people buy this same one piece and decided to buy it for myself.It鈥檚 cheap but the price does not reflect the quality!!The one piece itself is incredibly soft!!So many amazing details like the silk	 lace and fishnet!!It鈥檚 also super flattering!! I鈥檓 a bigger girl so I鈥檓 always a little nervous when buying lingerie but this piece really accentuated my small waist while flattering my problem areas.My only complaint (not really a complaint just pointing it out) if you have bigger breasts you may want to order a size up or wear a matching bra underneath.A beautiful piece!!I received loads of compliments.	review_date"
"It is okay for the price	 I am 140lbs and 5'5 I ordered a medium and it fit somewhat okay. The belt looks a lot thicker in the picture than in real-life. the cups are very small tho and the lace is not see-thru which is what I wanted. My boyfriend liked it and thats the only reason im keeping it. Price was okay.	review_date"
"Color was great! Quality was good for the price	 the only issue was the cup size is tiny. I'm only a 36D and the XXL seems like it's meant for a B cup at the largest.	review_date"
"I am 5'4\	 158lbs and 34DDD.  I bought the XL. It came with a bra extender	 fortunately because I wouldn't have been able to snap it. The light blue was a beautiful color and the fabric was very soft and comfortable.  Seemed to be good quality. The backside is very flattering and the bow is a cute touch. Ultimately	 I've decided to return it. The chest part was very unflattering on me. My boobs were spilling out the sides and no matter how I adjusted the straps	 and my boobs	 I just couldn't get it to look good. I would not have felt sexy at all in this.""	review_date"
"Like everyone else said	 order based on your bra size. Not very supportive of the ladies	 so beware if you're big chested. The crotch area definitely rides	 too	 so make sure you order a size up	 even if you are smaller up top.If you just follow those two guidelines	 the piece looks and fits very well. I absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Not sure how it fits yet I think I ordered the 3x though because I heard the run smal.. so we will see. BUT.. the lace is prettyyyyyyyy !!! The belt made into it is like satin	 so it has a silky feel and looks kind of shiny but I like it. Would of given 5 stars but my only problem was that the Purple was NOTHING LIKE THE PHOTO.. don鈥檛 get me wrong it鈥檚 still Sexyyyy just not what I expected. However I like it so much I鈥檓 keeping it lol	review_date"
"This piece was exactly what I wanted for Valentine's Day this year. I bought this in the red and the color was bright	 deep	 and vibrant all at the same time. The lace is great quality for the price! And while it is a little delicate feeling	 its very soft lace and seems to hold up well with movement. I am 5'6\	 125lbs	 32 b cup and the small fit perfectly. I am built very slender but the lace does have some stretch to it so this would be great for all shapes and sizes. I highly recommend buying this and giving it a chance!""	review_date"
"This piece is pretty cute and fits nice everywhere except my bust area. (I ordered an XXL and weigh about 175) I wear a 36DD and it did not fit in any way	 shape or form. I would say if you're any larger than a C cup I probably wouldn't go for this. The rest of the suit fit nice and it looks cute on otherwise but	 I ultimately sent it back.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful....except for the disproportionately small triangles of lace that are supposed to cover your breasts. The rest fit perfectly but I looked ridiculous because I would have needed four times the amount of fabric to cover my breasts. My breasts are large and I expected that they would all fit in but this was comical and not sexy at all. Breast falling out both sides around the little triangles. I ordered a large which fit my 5鈥? 145lb curvy frame well. But those teeny tiny top panels do not look like the picture they are super small compared to the rest of the piece.	review_date"
"This is ok	 oddly proportioned for me. I'm a size 12/13 and 38D. The top part with the triangular fabric is not large enough at all. Makes the sides of my boobs look kinda weird and flabby lol. Then everything below the bust is a bit long	 not as snug as I would hope- except the piece that goes around and clips at the back like a bra was a bit tight and cuts in a little. Seams along the side stick out	 almost as if it's inside out- not terrible	 just meh. The satin part that goes around front and ties at the back is pretty	 but not as wide or proportional as it looks in the photo. But overall it started to grow on me after wearing it for a little while. Pairing with a little lace robe and black thighhighs makes it look lovely.	review_date"
"I am 5'5\ and 105lbs. I ordered the small and it fits perfectly. I think this piece would flatter any figure.The material isn't scratchy or irritable	 and it seems well made. The ribbon is made of a stretchy cloth that is quite sturdy. The back also has clasps like a bra (which may be a little tricky to use) and adjustable straps as well. The crotch might get a little irritable if you happen to wear it for an extended period of time	 but that is about the only \""con\"" I can see.I am satisfied with my purchase and my husband approved as well. "
"This one piece is incredible for the price you pay for it. I got red and the color is absolutely gorgeous	 truly a bright	 bold	 and rich red. The craftsmanship for the piece is good and it looks exactly like the picture. The lace isn't itchy to wear and it is so freaking cute on. I am 5'3\ and 120 pounds and 34a cup and ordered a medium based off other reviews. I think I could have sized down to a small but the medium is fine. I love this piece	 definitely buy it.""	review_date"
"I really don鈥檛 understand how this has so many good reviews. I usually wear a xl but I always order two sizes up when I order things online. I got a 3x because I rather it be too big that too right and I feel like it fit like a large. For some reason it didn鈥檛 rest at the top of my leg and came up a lot higher. The top half fit better though. I鈥檓 200 (2 months pp) and 5鈥?鈥? I wear a 36 DDD bra with breastfeeding if that helps anyone with sizing.	review_date"
"I was nervous to get this because I鈥檓 very petite but the XS fit perfectly! I鈥檓 100 Ibs 5鈥? and 32A. It makes me feel really good. Bought this for my anniversary with my hubby. Can鈥檛 wait to see his reaction	review_date"
"It鈥檚 great!! I鈥檓 a trans man	 so finding lingerie that fits me well and makes me feel sexy is always hard. This babydoll is SO cute and so soft!! it comes with a clasp extender for the back straps which is think is super cool and helpful! the color is great and im so excited to wear it more 馃挋	review_date"
"The material of this item is great and so soft on my skin but the actual sizing was the biggest issue. I normally wear a 18-20 and I ordered a 3xl	 it fit everywhere except my chest - which is only a 42DD. The cups were no wear near big enough to hold my breast and they spill over very unflattering	 which sucks because everything else about this is perfect.	review_date"
"Boob cups on the medium are TINY	 looks like they used the same size as on the XS. Lace also does not match up. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"For a cheap set of lingerie these were great. However	 the sash looks and feels cheap and doesn't add anything to the design. The outfit would be better without it. The fabric gets caught easily even on cuticles. I looked great in it but it could be better.	review_date"
"I wear a size 16/18	 38DD chest... and I ordered this in the biggest size available	 because lets be honest cheap lingerie usually has weird as heck sizing. This was not an abnormal experience. The thing is tiny as can be and there is NO way it will fit me.	review_date"
"Ordered a XL which I am usually and my boobs are popping out of the top part way too small. I'm a 34 DD and the cups are like for A sizes. The mid section fit properly but down a little lower and the thonh strap is so thin my meow was showing (no coverage) I'm embarrassed..	review_date"
"I love this SO much! Everything about it is perfect. I thought the waist band tie would be a cheap silk material but its actually a decent somewhat stretchy material! The lace is great quality	 soft and delicate	 not itchy or hard	 and the straps are thankfully adjustable. I followed the advice of other reviews and got a size up and I'm glad I did. I tried it on and realized I would have been alright in my usual small	 but I knew I would be more comfortable in a medium.Overall great product!	review_date"
"OMG	 I love this!! I've been feeling meh about my body after being on bedrest for 3 weeks and not being able to do things that make me feel good	 but wanted to have a confidence boost for myself and also surprise my boyfriend for Valentine's Day (haven't had sex since I've been on bedrest..). Bought this on a whim and figured it might be a silly thing for \u003c$20	 but OMG	 I feel like a literal Victoria's Secret model in this!! I have never felt so sexy	 and it's so comfortable and not constricting - could definitely wear it out underneath my outfit and not be uncomfy.I ordered the XXXL in black because they were out of XXL	 and I think either would work. I'm 5'10\ and 230lbs	 waist is 33\"" and hips are 47\""	 36C. Works great!""	review_date"
"I love this. It is sooo cute and sexy and my fianc茅 loved it. I am usually a small but I have hips so I got a medium. I should have gotten a small burn I made it work. Luckily the straps are adjustable.It looked really nice on. I was scared it would look cheap but it didn鈥檛. I like it so much I want a bathing suit like it. Amazing quality and look for the price.	review_date"
"Love everything about this but the boob area. I ordered an XL in black (I wear L/XL shirt	 14-16 bottom	 36DD) and the body part fits perfectly. Not uncomfortable and does not pull in crotch. Very soft. But the boob part is way too small	 barely covers nipples if centered directly. I tried to make it push my boobs together but if the top part is on the side of my boobs like it should be	 it doesn't even touch my nipple to cover it up. Just kinda odd. But soo pretty.. gonna wear it anything!	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?	 and my measurements are 36G 33 51. It was a bit tough getting over my thighs at first	 but once it was over my thighs	 it actually nicely. It is like a thigh high bodysuit	 so ladies with thicker thighs will be fine. My breasts however spilled out of the top part of the lingerie	 though my boyfriend didn鈥檛 mind at all! The material is stronger than it looks	 which is a plus. Altogether	 it鈥檚 worth the purchase.	review_date"
"I have a 34D chest size	 with a 27 in waist and narrower hips	 and I usually wear a s/27 in pants and a s/m in tops. I ordered this in the large and the bottom portion fits well	 maybe just a little large but it's just wiggle room. The chest portion is too small. I had sideboob galore and it was not flattering at all. I felt that it had decent support but the fabric barely covered my nipples. I wish it fit since it really is beautiful. Hopefully it works out with someone with a smaller chest.	review_date"
"The color is very pretty	 but it fits me a little big. I definitely could have done this in a large and still been very comfortable. I鈥檝e never ordered lingerie online before so I wanted to err on the side of caution. It does have a nice amount of stretch and is very comfy. I can鈥檛 wait for my honey to see me in it. For reference	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 177lbs	 and bra size 34B/32C. I鈥檓 not exceptionally curvy	 just have a little booty action going on 馃檪	review_date"
"Super cute but the first time I put it the strap broke. I was super bummed but then got an email from the company making sure the package was delivered in good condition. Well I told her that yes it was received in good condition and mentioned that the strap did break when trying it on. She immediately replied and said they would send a new one which I received today. This one did not break and seems much better quality in the area that the previous one broke on. Anywho	 great company	 great price	 and very cute.	review_date"
"I love this teddy. I don't buy stuff like this often but I was very impressed with the quality	 price	 and durability of this product. I got the red color and it's perfect for Valentine's day! I tried it on and the fit was a little loose but that is what I wanted	 I didn't want it to be too tight. I ordered the size LARGE. I am a 34C/34D. I have a 30 inch waist	 short torso	 40 inch hips.	review_date"
"This item is cheap so I am definitely ok with it and it will get the job done. I am 5'9 size 14 and ordered the XXL. I probably should of ordered a XXXL as it is a little tight and not as flattering as it is on the skinny girls LOL. I purchased a black satin robe so my man will definitely like it. I will probably only wear this once though due to the fit.	review_date"
"Order fulfillment took WAY too long. Product didn't even ship until about 4-5 days after I placed the order. Surprised considering how quickly most sellers process orders nowadays. Because of this the package arrived later than Amazon said it would when I originally ordered it. Ordered a couple other items from other sellers and those items arrived before this even got shipped out. Didn't get to use it for the occasion I ordered it for. Major bummer. Actual product is what you would expect for a $14 piece of lingerie. Not terrible. Although the triangle bra area is much smaller than expected for the size I ordered. I'm almost always a standard fit for XL. This seemed a little small around the bust. But	 it's lingerie so it's not completely horrible if I'm spilling out of it a little.	review_date"
"bought a size up after reading the reviews	 and i am glad i did! the medium fit perfectly. I'm 5'3\	 115lbs	 34B	 25inch waist. this is well made	 held up through the wash	 and looked sexy as hell. Will be buying more colors""	review_date"
"This is so much prettier in person. I was extremely hesitant to purchase this because I've had difficulty with one pieces. My torso is too long for a small and my bust is too big as well. Sometimes a medium swallows me. After reading reviews I felt that a medium was the best bet. I'm extremely pleased. I buy lingerie all the time online and in stores and its sometimes a hit or miss. I will be buying in another color. Can't beat how it fits and the price.	review_date"
"I ordered the small and it fits perfectly! I'm 5'3\ petite athletic build	 small waist	 34C \u0026 about 130 lbs (and no I'm not going to include a selfie Lol)... All I can say is that this little number is SUPER sexy and slides over me like a glove. The white lace gives it a taste of innocence while simultaneously being extremely seductive. Everything about it is HOT at an incredible price	 GET IT!!!""	review_date"
"I bought this as a surprise for my boyfriend on our vacation	 but didn't want to spend a whole lot....will have to wait and see his reaction	 but upon trying it on	 I am very pleased. The fabric is soft and nice	 the fit is good	 the only thing with the quality is who the sash does not align really. Other that that	 for the price	 its prettt amazing.	review_date"
"I bought this for my honeymoon and was hoping it would work out. I've never bought lingerie online	 so I made sure I did my research. I usually wear an xl	 but after reading reviews I ordered a 2x. It fits perfect. I am 5'1 208 lbs. I wear a 38F and have breastfed two kids. I was worried that this wouldn't provide the support I need	 but it looks fine. There's a little sideboob	 but I don't mind. It's beautifully made and makes me feel sexy. It's business in the front and party in the back lol. Sent my hubby a picture from the back and he's already begging for me to let him see it all. I can't wait to see his face once we get to the hotel!	review_date"
"I wasn't too hesitant in purchasing this piece of lingerie because most of the reviews were positive	 but now I want even more colors. The fit is great! I got a Large and I am 5'5\ 165lbs. It fits perfectly! Not tight or loose. And the red is such a pretty color. I can't believe the quality for the cheap price. Will definitely be ordering more!""	review_date"
"I loved this!! It鈥檚 so beautiful! I would recommend ordering a size up. At least I know for me I typically wear an XL I was a bit nervous it would be too small so my gut told me to order one size higher and I did and I鈥檓 glad I did because I don鈥檛 think the XL would have fit me. But I still love it! Only taking a star away for sizing	review_date"
"This is absolutely adorable and I feel like a lil gift when my husband unties the ribbon	 but if you have a normal to longer length torso	 this getup is definitely gonna ride right up the front of your business.Recommend the small size for truly petite people. It's still very soft after washing and the color is beautiful.	review_date"
"For the price I paid this is a very well made and beautiful outfit. It will flatter just about any body type. The only complaint I have is that  The bottom is a little snug in the crotch area but for this kind of thing I don't think your guy is going to care!  I liked it so much I ordered another one in the different color.	review_date"
"I ordered this with very low expectations by I was so surprised when I received it. It was packaged super nicely with like a plastic zip bag and even included a bra extender. I鈥檓 obsessed with this. The light blue is absolutely beautiful and very unique. So comfy and really really nice quality. My only issue is that the lace on the boobs is like ridiculously small for me. But tbh I鈥檓 not that worried about it. Will definitely be repurchasing in other colors. For reference	 I鈥檓 a little under 5鈥?鈥?and around 195lbs with an F cup (at least) cup size. Ordered a 2x and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I bought based on their listed size chart and it fit as expected. The only disappointing thing is that it's a true cherry red and not a burgundy color like in the photo. I'm still giving it four stars based on the quality and fit being good for what I paid.	review_date"
"I love this so much! It is exactly as pictured! It's really sexy and fits perfect! I bought a large	 im a 34 ddd	 5'3\ 	 and 134lbs. I hope that helps! Im always looking to find the perfect size things and this is definitely one of them! I love how sexy it makes me feel and can't wait to surprise my husband with it!""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 183 lbs	 but carry my weight pretty evenly	 bought a size L.  Mummy tummy and chest that has fallen victim to breastfeeding and gravity.  As soon as I put this on I felt sexy and went to the mirror hoping I looked sexy...I did!  Very stretchy...camouflaged tummy roll well	 the bra cups can hold the girls somewhat upright for a little while (lots of side boob)	 and the thong like back shows off my big and best asset nicely.  Highly recommended - will probably buy other colors soon.	review_date"
"I am returning this with a heavy heart	 the reviews were great	 had women of all different sizes wearing it	 and it looked comfy.It came brighter blue than I thought with a soft material	 not complaining about that	 but I ordered and XL because I have a hard time fitting my boobs.I have 38D's and the bra part was by far the worst.The mesh and bodysuit fits great	 like I said comfy	 stretchy	 and soft! But	 my girls literally look like runny eggs on both sides of these sad excuses for cups.Would have been perfect if the bra cups were made for bigger boobies.	review_date"
"Normally I would wear a L in clothing.  But I read reviews and went up a size.  I am very much an hourglass shape and I'm tall. 5'8:	 34DDD	 26\ waist	 and 39\"" hips/butt.  With my long torso and large breasts it fit me perfect.  The bottom portion with the lace is not tight at all	 actually lose/lies perfect.  I love the tie around the waist	 it really accents my small waist.  It is not satin as it looks	 but it is a stretchy	 shiny material (doesn't matter to me).  The color is gorgeous!  I'm very tempted to order this in the black!  Also	 it is very flattering on the rear area!""	review_date"
"Not what I was expecting it was so small and uncomfortable specially on the bottom part I kept pulling it down the picture looks like it鈥檚 a dark red almost burgundy but it鈥檚 red which was another thing I didn鈥檛 like I鈥檓 not happy with this purchase I don鈥檛 recommend this product	review_date"
"This piece is super cute. I was really unsure of what size to order. I am 5'10 190lbs and a size 11/13 jeans. I was originally going to get the XL but since I'm a little taller I was worried about it riding up. I got the red in the XXL and I'm glad I got the size bigger because it's not too tight	 and not too loose. I also wear a 38B and the top fits perfectly. It's nice that it has adjustable straps and the ribbon around the waste is adorable. Super sexy and comfortable. I can't wait for my fiance to see it on Valentine's day. Definitely recommend this onesie. Quality and price are great! 5 stars!	review_date"
"I purchased for my lovely wife of 22 years of marriage. After she say this laid out on bed she knew size XL was going to be an issue.I am returning item and ordering XXXl. My wife appriciated the fact I thought  she was samller. Ended well and looking forward to getting the new order.	review_date"
"As someone who is not 100% comfortable with their body	 I was surprised by how amazing I felt in this piece. The body fit great and felt so soft. My only issues: my cup size is 34C and it was a little small on me. The cups seemed to barely cover half my boobs. I was also excited to see the piece with the stockings but unfortunately I did not receive any with it. All in all	 such a great piece and very fitting!Cup Size: 34CWeight: 135Height: 5'4\""	review_date:April 12	 2018""	star"
"I get so many compliments when I wear this out! the top is see through so i pair it with a bralette. i鈥檓 5鈥? and 130 lbs. i ordered a size medium. i rated a 4/5 because i love it but it is very delicate. you have to be careful when you wear it because you don鈥檛 want it to get caught on anything otherwise it would rip. overall	 great product.	review_date"
"I wore it all day under an outfit as a surprise and it was very comfortable. My only complaint is that it was a bit short on me so it would ride up a bit	 but my torso is long for my height. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 131 lbs and a small fit well otherwise. Would recommend! I might buy it in another color later.	review_date"
"A must for the price and the waist bow!  Sizing I bought an XXL and I鈥檓 a US 10-12 average chest - a XL would have been the best size for me but this is one of those piece that has sizing leeway so no regrets.  The red looked more scarlet to me in picture but is red red in reality	review_date"
"I loved this piece! It's so soft and fit just as expected and it's very beautiful. I hate wearing bras but don't want the world to stare at my nips so this kind of article is a great alternative.I am 5'2 and 120 pear shape in my mid 30s also small bust (34a) and usually wear small but I got this in medium and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Extremely satisfied with this purchase. The item fit perfectly.  I am 5'4\ 205 lbs measurements 40-36-48. I took a size 2XL although I usually wear an XL (US dress size 16) and it looks amazing. The color is a bit brighter than the picture	 really nice lace and cotton material.""	review_date"
"This is SO sexy! I got a large	 I鈥檓 5鈥?	 140 lbs	 34b and it fits just fine. Little snug in the chest! I鈥檓 ordering more colors now!	review_date"
"I ordered this because it was cheap and it wouldn鈥檛 be a huge deal if it didn鈥檛 fit as my first foray into buying amazon Lingerie. I鈥檓 6 ft. tall and usually wear an XL in bodysuits but decided to size up to an XXL because I concerned about length. Definitely a good call! It鈥檚 the perfect length for my extra long torso with the sizing up. It鈥檚 definitely a bit large for my upper body in the XXL because I鈥檓 not very busty and have a small waist	 but it doesn鈥檛 look too big	 just feels it. The cut is incredibly flattering and the peachy pink shade is incredibly cute! Very excited to break this out.	review_date"
"I am normally a size large	 5鈥?	 sz 8	34F	 after reading several reviews	 I decided to size up. I purchased the xl and it fit well and was well made for the cost	 but the bust was way too small	 I couldn鈥檛 imagine it fitting any more than a small C without major spilling. Sending it back.	review_date"
"Love it! I鈥檓 5 feet 	 118 pounds 	 boobs 34C and the small fits amazing. It鈥檚 kinda stretchy so I鈥檓 sure if you鈥檙e bigger on the waist you鈥檒l still do fine! The straps are adjustable because it helps keeps my girls up. And it has a bra clip in the back to help support the suit and also has the waist tie in the back which helped define my curves even more. Love it! Would so recommend! I don鈥檛 have the best butt	 but the way this makes it look	 it鈥檚 awesome!	review_date"
"When I opened the package the first thing I noticed was hire soft the material was. The color is just like it's pictured	 deep and very pretty. I am just under 5'4\	 126lbs	 32A	 average torso length	 wearing a size 2/4 and I ordered a medium after reading other reviews. I'm very happy that I did. This fits very well looks really nice. I'm quite pleased with my purchase""	review_date"
"Material was so soft and beautiful and it for perfect except the chest. I'm a size 8 and 36 D and ordered a large and it was like a A/B cup when I put it on. Loved it too ughhhhh. Had to return :(	review_date"
"Bought this as wedding night lingerie for my friend. She showed it to me when she tried it on at her bachelorette party	 and it was super adorable. I asked her for her sizes in inches before buying	 and ordered based on that. Definitely the right size. I was worried that the white would look diaperish	 but definitely didn鈥檛. Would order for me even.	review_date"
"Very adorable and soft. I am 5 feet 5 in. And 218 lbs. Between like a 17 and 18 size Jean's and 1 to 2X tops. I bought this in a 3X and it seemed quite large. I think I could have gone with like and xl or 2x. Will definitely order again.	review_date"
"I didn't really expect to like this product. The picture was cute	 and the price was low so I purchased it. This thing is incredibly cute	 it's very soft	 and it's comfortable. It's easily my favorite piece of lingerie	 and I'm definitely gonna order a few more pieces from this brand.	review_date"
"I liked the look but it doesnt hold very well ladies so i would size down. The whole time i wore this it kept slidding up and down. Maybe if i would have ordered a large instead of extra large. Im 212 5'6 shaped larger in hips... but its also not made for larger breast women... it did look like the picture but the quality wasnt all there	review_date"
"I am IN LOVE with this item. I am 5'2 and almost 150 lbs and I ordered an XL. I have always been very self conscious of my body	 but this makes me feel sexy. I usually wear a large for most clothes	 but based on other reviews I decided to order up. I am glad I did because this fits me like a glove. It is the same quality you'd expect if you bought this from lingerie store and it's very comfortable. Also	 from the time I bought this item online to the time it was at my doorstep was LESS THAN 3 DAYS. I am very pleased with my purchase and will be ordering more in different colors.	review_date"
"I love it. It fits well...but if you鈥檙e tall like me	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?with a long torso-definitely order up a size. I鈥檓 a 16 and the xl fit very well...it just rides up my crotch a bit.  But still fits everywhere else perfectly.  I don鈥檛 plan to have it on that long anyway.	review_date"
"So I am 5鈥? 1/2	 and 170Ibs I just had a baby so as you can already imagine my body Is not the best	 I have huge hips and big boobs and a very big butt	 but I got told to buy an xxxl 馃檭 but I got a large instead and it fit me perfectly ! It鈥檚 beautiful and definitely worth buying!	review_date"
"This one piece was of high quality	 I was impressed with how it essenuated my curves	 while hiding my imperfections. This product could have easily been on the racks at any high-end lingerie store. Because the material was mesh-lace I purchased a medium because I knew the give would be limited and it truly fit me like a glove.I am happy with my purchase馃檹馃従And I may purchase another color.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 I weigh 258 pounds and I normally wear a size 16 Jr plus size. And a 1x in shirts I'm both top heavy as well as have a tummy. I ordered a 3x.I rate this a 5 because it comes as displayed and it had no tears and will last plenty of wears it's great material. On the down side I can fit in it but my tummy hangs out of it. So a woman my size with different  proportions this would be amazing.	review_date"
"The quality of this item is really great	 and it fit like a glove. Super happy overall and would for sure purchase again. I'd say it was on par with expensive lingerie from places like Victoria's Secret	 but the bonus was the price was half of what you'd typically pay.	review_date"
"This teddy is sooooooo cute and sexy! I love the bow that you can tie on the back and the different lace and fishnet details. It looks and feels way more expensive than it actually was! VS could sell this exact piece for like $60 and people would buy it. I went up two sizes after reading the reviews and also because I have D cup breasts and I am glad I did because this size fits perfectly! I would 10/10 recommend but definitely read some reviews to figure out what size you should order first	review_date"
"I like it a lot. True to the size. It鈥檚 pretty and comfy. I didn鈥檛 put 5 stars because the color of the waist lace looks very different. It doesn鈥檛 look bad	 but it鈥檚 almost like it鈥檚 too shiny for the piece. I don鈥檛 regret buying it. It looks very cute.	review_date"
"The bodysuit is adorable and looks just like the picture. The fabric is surprisingly high quality for the price. Unfortunately	 it just won't work for anyone over ~5'9\. I'm 6'0\"" and alllll of my business was out because the suit just isn't long enough for a tall torso and rode up like crazy. It's a shame.""	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful piece of lingerie for my collection. I have a little more in the waist and was worried it wouldn鈥檛 fit but it lays beautifully. The lace is stretchy and soft. I鈥檓 a size 14 and the xl fits great	review_date"
"I am a 25 year old very curvy woman. I was very nervous regarding fit just because my measurements are all over the place compared to the sizing chart given. 36鈥?bust	 29鈥?waist	 and 42鈥?hips at 4鈥?1鈥?and 130 lbs. I am an ex gymnast so my weight is mostly due to my muscle mass. While trying this piece on my first disappointment was that the cups were see through when I thought they were lined. For that I dropped a star. But it鈥檚 such a pretty blush pink (ordered the 鈥渂eige鈥? the sash really accentuates my waist to hip ratio and everything is flattering and comfortable. I am wearing it for a bridal boudoir session in June and would highly recommend it!	review_date"
"WOW. I seriously cannot believe this is only $14. I want this in EVERY color. Such HIGH QUALITY material. I was honestly expecting something not as good since it was so inexpensive. Ladies-- buy this. You will not regret it. Can't wait for valentines day now! :) **I am 5'1\ \u0026 155 lbs. Ordered a medium \u0026 it's perfect**""	review_date"
"I love this body suit sooooo much! The back is my favorite. It was delivered a day late but I didn鈥檛 even care. It fit so well and for the price the quality was amazing. Needless to say my husband also loved it! The only thing is for you ladies with larger boobs it may not offer the best coverage	 I am a b-cup and was almost falling out of it.	review_date"
"I love how these fit my torso and hips. Issues arise when fitting over my chest. The beige one has larger cups than the blue one	 despite being the same size. Perhaps I got an irregular one. The beige on looks perfect on	 the blue one sadly doesn鈥檛 fit my boobs so I have to think of something to layer it with I guess.I love the colors	 the waist tie	 and how soft these are!  I sized up two sizes	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?150 lbs	 wear a size 4-6	 and a 32 F (normally	 right now I鈥檓 nursing).	review_date"
"Beautiful	 lacy body suit. It was delivered sooner than expected and for the price it is definitely worth your money. I am 5'4	 170 lbs and I got the x-large in black and it's a comfortable fit. Absolutely love it. Wore it the night I got it and my husband was very pleased as well. 5 stars for sure	review_date"
"Really cute. But the sizing is wayyyy off. I wear an XL in almost everything. Not wanting to take a risk	 I ordered a size up. It is still probably two sizes too small. So just keep that in mind when ordering.	review_date"
"5'8	 140lbs and I got a size large since I have a long torso. Fits perfectly! Agreed with some of the other reviewers that the  Beige color is more of a warm peach	 though the ribbon itself is beige and very silky. Great quality and detailing. All the lace was intact and there weren't any loose strings.	review_date"
"I am 5'2 170 pounds. I am always skeptic to wear one pieces because of my height. I took a chance and purchased this in a large. I loved this delicate piece	 seemed fair quality compared to some lingerie purchases on amazon. My only complaint is the \cup\"" size was small for my DDs. It still looked great!""	review_date"
"For less than $15	 this is an amazing piece. The fabric is	 surprisingly	 extremely comfortable	 and it looks great on. I ordered the red	 and the color is just like the picture. The fabric has stretch to it as well	 so it seems like it will fit a variety of body shapes and sizes. I am 5'3\	 117 pounds	 size 2 pants	 typically XS tops	 and a 32D. After reading reviews	 I decided to go with the M because of my torso"
"Wow! I have never felt so sexy before in my life! I am a mommy of two so it鈥檚 hard to feel hot for my husband in bed with my mom belly. This lingerie is gorgeous! It is smaller so I went a size up and it fit great! The boob size is small so if you are big chested order 2 sizes up. I鈥檓 typically a medium size 8/10 height is 5鈥?鈥?and weight is 165lbs with size B bra size. I ordered a large in red. I鈥檓 going to buy this for my sister鈥檚 bachelorette gift! 鉂わ笍 I hope this helps!	review_date"
"First off this is an absolutely gorgeous piece of lingerie. The quality is comparable to more expensive name brand pieces. I love the mix of mesh and lace. Very sexy. I am usually around a large and ordered up a size to an xl. I was super excited when I got it in the mail until I took it out of the package and saw how small it was. Even though I ordered an xl it looked and fit more like a small/medium. I am a DD breast size and it covered about half of that. I ended up giving it to a smaller friend and it fit her perfectly and looked great on her.	review_date"
"This peice looks good and feels good. Defiantly impressed with the emails insuring everything was to my liking and my package arrived safe.	review_date"
"I'd never ordered lingerie online before but tried it out for the price. It fit surprisingly well	 and my boyfriend loved it. I've actually not worn any of my other outfits since I got this piece. I wish there was a snap closure at the bottom	 but the material is stretchy enough to move around. It's incredibly comfortable	 and since I'm more bottom-heavy	 the lack of support on top isn't an issue for me at all.	review_date"
"This is absolutely the most sexiest piece of lingerie I have and I love it ! My boyfriend loved it even more! I ordere this with the normal side I usally wear which is an XL and it was perfect.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 even know what to say about this piece ladies. It鈥檚 SAF!....hope I鈥檓 allowed to say that because I don鈥檛 know what else to say. If you鈥檙e looking to rekindle an old flame or light the flames under a new one	 either way	 THERE WILL BE FIRE so grab your helmet and get to it 馃構For reference I鈥檓 5鈥? 170 38D and ordered the XL fits perfect 馃憣	review_date"
"I originally bought the medium based off of what other people were saying \u0026 other reviews. The next day I thought about it \u0026 decided to order the large as well	 which I鈥檓 glad I鈥檓 did. For reference I鈥檓 5鈥?	 between 120-130lbs	 27 waist \u0026 curvy with a shorter torso \u0026 32dd. The medium fit okay	 but the large definitely fit way better. Typically in bodysuits I wear a medium but after seeing on other women how the bra area fit I decided that the large would be better for me since my chest is on the larger size. My boyfriend loved it	 I thought the material was also pretty well made and didn鈥檛 feel or look too cheap at all.	review_date"
"I was really hesitant on getting this piece because my breasts are so large. But with some research	 I was eager to buy this lingerie. I ordered an XL. I'm a 38/40 DD and my entire body looks amazing in the piece. I love the tie design in the back. I also chose red. Beautiful choice!! I recommend for a special occasion with your partner. I haven't worn it yet.. I hope he likes it on me.	review_date"
"Fits great! And the lace is soft. I was worried it would be itchy. I am 5ft 4in 120lbs 32DDD and it fit as well as I thought it would. The smallest notch on the band I would say is equal to a 34 band. There is a band extender that came with it. There is absolutely no support but it's lingerie so whatevs.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up	 it is very loose around the waist (it tied up nicely though) but my breasts still do not fit. They cover my nipple and that鈥檚 about it- but that鈥檚 fine because I am rather fond of them and being well endowed I always have this issue	 no surprise there. This is soft	 and is very lovely. My man loves this little number	review_date"
"Product was perfect and fit true to size. I am a US 12/14	 my measurements are 38-34-48 and the XL fit me great. I could have even sized down if i wanted a tighter fit but I didn鈥檛 mind. The top was fine for me	 but I will advise that it is not a full coverage part for the breast. It is more so a covering so expect size boob and cleavage. Overall good quality item and very cute! Will definitely order more in different colors!	review_date"
"Very pretty	 but it runs very small. I purchased a 3x and it didn't fit. I am on the large side at 210 lbs and 5'8	 but normally 3x works for me. I'm disappointed because this piece is really pretty and would have liked to have been able to wear it. Maybe that will give me the incentive I need to loose weight....	review_date"
"Ordered the 3xl. I wear a 38DD and have a 37\ waist and 49\"" hip. Surprisingly supportive through the bust and fit perfectly. Not too tight	 not too loose. The pink is a beautiful baby pink. Flattering high cut through the hip. Very happy with it.""	review_date"
"Fabric is nice. Easy to put one. But if you have large breast it鈥檚 not the one for you. I鈥檓 a 36DDD and the amount of side boob is unflattering	 covers the nips though.	review_date"
"Overall this bodysuit went above and beyond my expectations	 especially considering the price. The only complaint I have is that the cups come nowhere close to fitting my boobs. That鈥檚 to be expected though because I normally wear a DDD. I ordered an XXL just to avoid this problem but still they were far to small. I normally wear a medium and it fit my body perfectly so I recommend sizing up!!! Aside from that the material is in great condition and everything arrived just as I ordered it.	review_date"
"Great item	 but way too small in the chest. I'm 5'6	 120lbs	 about 36B/36C and I was spilling out of the top completely. Everywhere else was fine	 only the chest was the problem. I'll be returning- avoid buying this if you have anything bigger than an A/B cup.	review_date"
"I am typically a medium across the board in everything...read the reviews and decided to order an XL. Hurt my ego a bit to do that	 but it fits quite nicely. Could have probably gotten a large	 but the XL chest that I have needs the XL room "
"Very cheap material	 smaller than expected based on the reviews and measurement chart. Not at all what I anticipated. Returned this item.	review_date"
"I'm 146 pounds	 5' 4	\ 34 C. This was snug on me	 but fit. I have a very average sized chest for my body type	 but the chest was small. However	 this made my boobs appear to be larger that what they are because of it. Some of the lace on the stomach area ripped after I wore it once.However	 overall I think this is worth the price. I think it would've been best for me to order a medium	 but I'm still happy with the product overall.""	review_date"
"You know the plastic on the top of the soda cans that holds them all together? That's what I felt like was between my buttcheeks. Don't buy this unless it's coming off IMMEDIATELY. I'm talking like 9 seconds	 TOPS.	review_date"
"One of my favorite pieces of lingerie I've ordered off amazon! It's high quality and the material is really nice. Honestly could pass as Victoria's Secret! So worth the price. The fabric isn't scratchy or cheap feeling like a lot of others. It fit perfectly and comes with a piece to clip on the clip to make it bigger which came in handy. I'd recommend buying this!	review_date"
"The torso on this was too short and overall just too small.  I normally wear a 16-18 and I'm 5'9	review_date"
"Definitely order a size (or two) up if you have a long torso!  I really like that this bodysuit has a bra clasp on the back and the sash to help give the garment some structure (though not any support).  The seams are flat and not itchy.  Overall a good buy!	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece of lingerie. The fit is perfect! I'm 5'3\ and 130 lbs. and ordered the medium. It looks very elegant and sophisticated on the body. The shipping was fast and the customer service stellar. Will purchase more from this company.""	review_date"
"I bought the largest size available and it was still not a good fit. I have no clue how some other reviewers were able to wear this. Tiny cups with zero support. This is not meant for anyone with a long torso or boob	review_date"
"I loved this right away it was very soft and comfortable to wear and the color is vibrant! The fit was just right	 and I loved the back with the bow to tie. A wonderful surprise for my husband and priced well.	review_date"
"Loved the design of this lingerie \u0026 the price point. The details of this garment really does make it seems like you spent a lot more than you actually did. It runs a little small but I ordered a Size up and I鈥檇 say it fit well. It is intended to be form fitting!The color is as shown and bled a little when I hand washed it but I expected that.Overall really happy with this purchase and so was my husband. Definitely would buy again!For reference I stand 5鈥?鈥?and am about 170 lbs and ordered a size xl.	review_date"
"Great fit. I'm a size 14 weigh about 190lbs with big hips. It was hard getting past my hips (like it always is) but once I made it past that	 it fit perfectly around my waist. Great fit.	review_date"
"Bought this for this upcoming Valentine's Day. Luckily I read the reviews first.  I ordered up a size and it fit perfectly	 usually I wear an xl but i ordered the xxl. Im 5'2 and 182 lbs. My top is a little larger (40dd). I was afraid that my girls would be everywhere but the top part held them nicely. I will be getting more colors.	review_date"
"This item was above my expectations. I ordered the red bodysuit	 put it on and was stunned at how fine I looked. The material was soft and the design is sooo sexy. Okay so the cons. I'm a 1151b size 0-2. I ordered the small and it fit verrry snuggly. I was having some issues clasping the hooks for the bra at first. So be aware. But once you find the right fit	 its a gem of an item. I'm ordering other colors!!	review_date"
"So this is a really cute teddy and the quality was nice. It was great until we got to the girls. No boob room whatsoever. The weird seam at the top that separates the breast area is all wrong! If this was designed without that crazy seam it would be awesome. Bottom life	 If you're over a small B cup	 its probably not gonna work.	review_date"
"If you were to tell me this was a $100.00 piece of lingerie	 i would believe you. Its so beautiful	 the details are so intricate and the style is so sexy. Honestly	 if you're wanting to buy some lingerie on Amazon	 this is the one to get!	review_date"
"Too small and not supportive. Not worth your money. You're better off going to a lingerie store and splurging a bit.	review_date"
"So	 this feels amazing to wear	 but I'm 5'4	 32DD	 28\ waist	 and 39\"" hips. This was too big for me. The cups didn't support and came up pretty high towards my shoulders. This doesn't flatter short waisted ladies like myself.""	review_date"
"This isn't pink at all it's more of a peachy colour which is still nice but kinda disappointing cause I really wanted a baby pink bodysuit	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! It's comfortable and the cups actually cover majority of my boobs	 and even better it stretches quite a bit!I wasn't sure how elastic it would be so I ordered a size up just to make sure it would fit	 and honestly I could've ordered my actual size because of how stretchy it is. (The packaging label is a size higher than what I ordered too)My only complaint is how long the crotch of the bodysuit is	 it is really a bit too big for my taste but I still like to wear this.	review_date"
"This is absolutely beautiful. However I read the reviews before purchasing and ordered a size large. I am 5鈥? and 140 pounds- I probably would鈥檝e ordered a small or medium usually but the large fit perfect. If you order up a size it really is a beautiful piece of lingerie for the price.	review_date"
"Beautiful! Not the color portrayed but still beautiful.	review_date"
"Loved this piece! It is very sexy and comfortable. I have a little bit of a tummy and this provides the perfect about of coverage while still being sexy. Not itchy at all and easy to adjust.	review_date"
"The material is soft and surprisingly comfortable. the only issue is the length of the torso	 it is very short. I am 5'7	 but all legs and have a natural short torso (like a full hand and a half from under bust to bikini top) and this was rising up on me. Given the price and the fact that it is not something meant to wear for long time periods it is ok	 but adding an inch or two would dramatically increase the value. I would have bought more colors if it had a better fit.	review_date"
"I love this so much! I'm a very petite woman so buying online can have mixed results but it fits so well! The material is very nice and beyond happy with the quality I will definitely be buying from them again	review_date"
"Nice quality! Feels great on and sexy!Torso somewhat short and I have average torso. Breast panels small	 I'm a small C cup.I ordered a medium. I'm 5.3	 125lbs and normally wear small in tops and size 3/4 bottoms	 34 C. I just ordered a large to see if it fits alittle better. Otherwise love the red color I ordered and style!	review_date"
"I think that this bodysuit was really flattering \u0026 the quality is good. I got it in black. There is no underwire so I just wore a black bra underneath \u0026 it wasn't noticeable. I would say that this would only look good on a girl with a B cup or higher. I think anything less would look odd with how the style is.  The lace doesn't fray and the ribbon doesn't look cheap in my opinion. I got a lot of compliments on it	 I'd buy it again.	review_date"
"Super cute and soft. Got an xl. I'm 5'6 180ish in weight. I'm very happy with this. I got it in 2 different colors. I also like the fact that it is s soft lace and not itchy. If your doubting yourself	 don't. You'll look and feel sexy.	review_date"
"Very beautiful and sexy.  The ribbon on the waist helps sinch the waist giving me a curvier look.  I wear size 12 in jeans and went with the reviews of previous consumers to go bigger	 so I got 2X.  It fits good but I wonder if 1X would have been better because 2X is a little loose in the crotch area. Since I like fitted stuff. Never the less	 it still fits good and its beautiful!	review_date"
"I love it bought it 2wear to wear on Christmas night my hubby loved it color stands out and all. I ordered an xl I'm 180 pounds It has an stretch to it	 the bra part was a little small but it covered to me it makes it sexy cause it just cover the u know what		 so if u have big boobs order up.	review_date"
"I'm 5'	 38DDD and about 190 lbs ATM. I ordered the 3X. Lace is soft and stretchy and is absolutely beautiful. The ribbon in the back is silky and stretchy. You want this one!	review_date"
"Very very pretty	 but I ordered a large based off of reviews and I wish I would have ordered a medium (which is normally what I wear). I鈥檇 just prefer it a little more fitted but I鈥檓 going to order more in medium in different colors. Im also 5鈥? 134 lbs for reference.	review_date"
"I puke have given 5 stars but it arrived with a small hole. The material feels high quality. I ordered one in red hoping that it comes without holes. Runs small. Im 5鈥? 125lbs 32ddd and I ordered a medium that for great!	review_date"
"Really sexy and beautiful! I'm 5'0 with size 34C breasts. The bra part is comically small. Otherwise fits like a charm. And honestly	 you buy this so that it can come off so does it really matter if it fits perfectly? Hint: no...	review_date"
"I wear a 2xl and bought a 3xl but it was definitely snug. However it is sexy and flattering. The snug part it rides up a lil and snitches a lil tight under the bust line but definitely do-able.	review_date"
"I loved this. Lace is great quality and it鈥檚 super sexy	 and so budget friendly. If you have a long torso it will ride up your crotch so just be aware of that. You can easily move it in a way so it doesn鈥檛.Will buy in different colors	review_date"
"I ordered this for a boudoir shoot and am so excited to wear it! This bodysuit is sexy while still covering all the necessary parts. I have big boobs	 32DDD	 broad shoulders and a long torso with a butt. I am 5'7\ and 130 lbs	 this fit perfect	 it didn't ride up in the crotch and I didn't feel like my boobs were going to fall out. The reviews suggested buying a size up so	 I ordered a medium and a large and the medium was the perfect fit!""	review_date"
"This fit perfectly! I am 52 and a 125 pounds my boobs are in between a C and a D and a small fit just fine :)	review_date"
"Bought for a friend as a gift and it was so soft and beautiful! Definitely size up 2 sizes. Maybe 3. Couldn't wear this if you're much bigger than a 14-16 even he xxxl. Fits an hourglass body perfect.	review_date"
"Favourite lingerie I've ever bought on amazon. Got it in a size large and it fit perfectly. I am 165 pounds	 5'4 and have DD boobs. It is so flattering and sexy	 and the material is soft and so nice. Totally without a doubt recommend this.	review_date"
"I love this! It looks like nice quality in person and it's also actually comfortable. The ribbon part is really soft. I'm 5'7 and have small boobs and I got a medium which fits but when I order another in a different color (which I'm going to do right away because it's so great for the price) I'm going to get a large because it's slightly short for my torso.	review_date"
"Loved this!! If fits perfectly and looks so cute on. It鈥檚 so flattering to the figure and for me it hides the one area I dislike the most my stomach (because of stretch marks). I love this and so will my hubby!!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5 4 158lbs and my boobs are Between a full C to D (depending on the bra company) but I鈥檓 busty.. this fit me really well! I got an XL and it was perfect! I read some of the reviews to go a size up usually I鈥檇 get M/L but the XL was perfect. Would deff recommend to spice it up in the bedroom.	review_date"
"Sooooo cute and sexy. It鈥檚 also very flattering and comfortable. Hides my imperfections. :-) It鈥檚 not raunchy yet still sexy.  I ordered a blue and black one because I liked it so much.  Does run small. I usually wear a size Medium	 8-10	 36A and I ordered an XL. I probably could have ordered a large but don鈥檛 like things too tight.  You will not regret buying it. Great price too.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. I鈥檓 5ft	 110lbs. I wore it with a pair of jeans on a night out with friends and it was perfect. Love that I will have more than one way to wear this piece!	review_date"
"5'11	 200lbs	 38DD/EThe cups on this are NOT big enough for my boobs at all. Furthermore	 it's not really proportionate to the size of the lingerie. Would not recommend to friends bigger than a 32D. Very flattering otherwise.	review_date"
"DON鈥橳 BUY IF YOU'RE BIG BUSTED!!!! My chest didn鈥檛 fit in this garment and I bought the largest size. The cup part is like an A/B. It was really cute I wish I could鈥檝e fit it. Waste of money please ladies if you鈥檙e over a B cup don鈥檛 even bother.	review_date"
"This one-piece lace garment is gorgeous! Super flattering and incredibly sexy. The quality is very high	 I wasn鈥檛 expecting that considering the price is so low. I鈥檓 ordering more colors now. You will be happy with this purchase	 I definitely am! For reference	 I鈥檓 typically a medium (36c bust) and a large in this fit perfectly. I trusted other reviews with sizing and they were spot on. Not too tight or loose. Delicate lace is not something you want to stretch out.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9\	 165lbs with a short torso	 usually wear a 10/12. The xxl fits really nice. The quality is great	 soft and stretchy and most importantly...super sexy. I wear a black bra under it for extra oomph馃榿(34g so lace triangles dont cut it)""	review_date"
"I bought this for my Boudoir photography studio and my clients love it it's stretchy and fits most girls in the right places	review_date"
"Such soft	 stretchy material and vibrant color	  I love this.  It鈥檚 very comfortable AND sexy	 best of both worlds	 it鈥檚 a win-win for me and my husband.  I am 5鈥?鈥?and a size 10	review_date"
"After buying....and returning...a lot of similar items for my wife	 I took a chance on this.It's worth it. Not the typical junk that disappoints. it fits well and doesnt look cheap.She's happy and I'm happy.	review_date"
"I really love this lingerie. However	 I鈥檓 a small girl with a big chest so if I had ordered a small it would have fit every where perfect except my chest	 so I ordered a medium	 which fits great! It鈥檚 a little loose in the hips but that鈥檚 okay.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece of lingerie but the cups are small. Not an issue for me	 since I have a small chest. I ordered a Medium and it was a bit snug	 typically I wear a size 6/8.	review_date"
"Not a lot of garment but that鈥檚 what most people want in this product! Lol. It is obviously a cheaper one with no padding or wiring but is still really nice and the bow is soft and satin	review_date"
"Great price and quick delivery. I love the material. I ordered an XL hoping the cup size would fit better but it's not large enough for a large breasted woman otherwise it's perfect.	review_date"
"Liked the fit on this! Wish it had more give pulling it up but at the same time was super comfortable and pretty! I am 5'4 and 135lbs. I ordered the medium and was very happy!	review_date"
"I am completely in love with this piece! I am 5鈥? 120 pounds \u0026 I ordered a medium. It fit so perfect! and it鈥檚 super flattering. It was so much better than what I expected. If you鈥檙e contemplating on buying	 I say go for it! My partner loved it just as much. Their customer service is also exceptional. Extremely happy with this purchase 馃槉	review_date"
"I鈥檓 so happy I bought this piece of lingerie!! I feel super sexy wearing it and the fit was awesome! It runs really small so expect to order several sizes up. I鈥檓 a 12/14 and got the 3x and it fit perfect. If you have big boobs or a long torso this may not be ideal but you can鈥檛 beat it for the price. Any other lingerie site would sell this for twice as much. I wouldn鈥檛 say the quality is cheap	 it鈥檚 just made with fragile material. Can鈥檛 wait to order more in other colors!	review_date"
"Really loved this. Good fit and material is soft for the price. The strap connector loop however is slim flimsy plastic and immediately broke. Took a star off for not having metal loops. Think I can fix it and if not I will return it.	review_date"
"Beautiful and great for its price! Product did not come damage but if you aren't careful putting it on it could easily rip just like lace material. The chest area isnt tight but does fit a little weird but it still looks good. If you have a long torso it will ride up but you just have to keep adjusting. Bought for my wedding night. Can't wait for him to see it	review_date"
"I can not believe how perfect this fits and the quality of it for the $16.99 that I paid for it.  It really is amazing.  I ordered a small and I am 5'4\	 34A	 112 lbs.  I think a B cup would definitely fit well in it too.  So happy I gave it a try!""	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS PIECE. I am a small	 but curvy girl. 28 GG breasts	 25 inch waist	 and 36 inch booty. This fit me EVERYWHERE it fit my breasts	 my waist	 and my booty. I couldn鈥檛 be happier. I do normally wear a Small in lingerie and I ordered a size up (Medium) and it fits wonderfully. Definitely go a size up.	review_date"
"This was actually much nicer than I expected it to be. Based on the other reviews I ordered an XL (160	 5鈥?	 38D) but should have probably gotten a 2X-everywhere fits fine except for the cup area that is so small I am busting out! Otherwise the fabric is nice and the color is nice and it was a great price.	review_date"
"This piece is stunning! It was supposed to be a surprise for my fianc茅 but I couldn鈥檛 wait. I am a size 14/16 and ordered an XXL. My only complaint is that it rides up a little in the crotch but let鈥檚 be honest	 it wasn鈥檛 on long "
"Fits good	it comfy and sexy! that's all to say about it	review_date"
"The teddy was cute just as the picture. But it had no breast support at all even after adjusting it	 would recommend my Big breast women to get a matching lace bra to wear under. And the crotch part isn鈥檛 for women with may I say Fat Vaginas excuse my French. It won鈥檛 cover it you鈥檒l have to keep adjusting	review_date"
"2xl Soft pink5鈥?240Look just like the picture and the color is everything	 but unfortunately I have to return because it鈥檚 way to small	 it won鈥檛 even go pass my thighs.	review_date"
"Loveee this! Very comfortable	 I bought a Xl but could've gotten away with a large. It was pretty roomy.. 5'2 and in the curvy side next time I'll get a large	review_date"
"I really like the lingerie. Came in a discreet package with soft lace and it鈥檚 stretchy so I wasn鈥檛 worried it would rip. Only problem is I ordered a L and I am 5鈥?	 159 lbs. Fit everything perfect except for my boobs	 it was hard to keep them in the top. I am a 34DD which is disappointing for a large!Other than that it is great and comfortable.	review_date"
"Looks cute like the picture. Thin-ish material	 the belt is connected. No real support for large chested women but it sits nice. I'm 5'7 curvy	 larger chest- ordered an XL and the size is good. The sig other will like it!	review_date"
"Would recommend. Fit as expected and was surprisingly soft. Not fake itchy lace.	review_date"
"I bought this thinking it would be somewhat cheap feeling but I was wrong. Im 5' and I weigh 130 I got a medium and it fits perfect! Not too snug but form fitting. And the lace is SUPER soft. I love it!! The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is the tie in the back is a little long. I have a short torso so that may contribute but it covers my butt in the back	 I wish it was a little smaller. But it's really soft silk feeling material as well. I highly recommend this product!-nicole	review_date"
"This is a cute item but I would DEFINATLY SIZE UP if your plus sized. I normally wear a 2x in upper body clothes and I've never had to return an item back to Amazon but this one I am! Also it arrived with a snag in the stomach area. The color is nice the only thing that was stretchy was the middle ribbin/tie.	review_date"
"The lace is very soft and so comfortable. This teddy provides comfort and confidence for the woman who doesn't have the perfect body	 however the breast area was too small. I bought a large (34C	 140lbs	 5'2 petite and curvy frame) and my boobs needed more fabric at the sides.	review_date"
"I ordered a small and went with the peach color and it looks exactly like picture. I assume I have a long torso as this item did not fit me length wise even if I adjusted the straps it didn鈥檛 help with the riding up in my crouch nor with the bow tieing area being centered on my waste. Boyfriend thought it looked cute especially the back part with the bow. I would鈥檝e like to keep this item and wish it fit better but it does not so I must return.	review_date"
"I'm 5 4 and 125lbs bra size is 34C and a size medium fit perfectly!	review_date"
"This is by far the best lingerie piece I've purchased on Amazon and possibly anywhere!! I was happily suprised by how well made and gorgeous this looked on me. I am smaller up top and larger in bottom	 I am 5'9 about 140lbs. I got a medium to accommodate my larger bottom and it fit great and wasn't too big in the top! I would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"4 stars 4 the look. 1 star for the cup size in the bust. Why do they make the area so small. wouldnt it be easier to make them bigger? IJS. Didn't even cover 1/4 of my chest. Sooooooo Nope. Size 12	 Got the XL	review_date"
"bought this for a photoshoot and it looked absolutely amazing in every single shot. It fit perfectly! It was definitely a bargain buy and so worth it. I bought a few other outfits locally from a big chain lingerie store and those items did not last throughout my shoot. I paid over $45 for each of those other ones but would recommend this seller more! Such a great item.	review_date"
"This is okay	 not great. The body fit great (large) but I'm a 36DD and the cups were not nearly large enough to even think about looking like they fit.	review_date"
"I would鈥檝e given 5 stars but the parts for you boobs are super small!	review_date"
"I really liked this as did my boyfriend. I bought it for his birthday and he was very excited. i鈥檓 a very curvy girl and it even looked appealing on myself. this is the second item i鈥檝e purchased and both have been great. Would highly recommend! Also	 they are very sweet and email you to see how you liked the product. I think that is very sweet of them to do.	review_date"
"I'm tall and read some of others reviews and size medium fits perfect on me. I love this color. This lingerie body piece is beautiful and true to photos shown. Definitely would buy more in other colors.	review_date"
"I weigh 185	 5鈥?鈥? hourglass figure and ordered the x-large in black. It was a tad too small and rode up my butt a little but if I would have ordered the XXL it would have been too big. I wore this for a first weekend away with my bf and his jaw hit the floor. It is definitely sexy and figure flattering. I paired it with thigh high stockings and it was sexy!	review_date"
"Fit as expected. I thought it would be pink and white put it was all pink. I probably missed that in the description. Overall I like it and my husband does too. Lol	review_date"
"This is a nice little #. I am 135lbs and I got an XL and it fit perfectly. So order a size up than normal	review_date"
"This piece was great for the price! A bit big as I ordered the XL but felt I had to do so based on the measurements.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly! It's so cute and actually quite comfortable fabric. I was worried about it riding up since I have a somewhat long torso	 but it was just fine and could be adjusted accordingly with the bow and straps. I am about 140 lbs	 5' 6\	 and a 36A	 and it fit just right in a medium! Great deal!""	review_date"
"This was perfect! I鈥檓 5鈥? about 115 pounds and ordered a size small. It fit perfect everywhere. I also wear a 32b and it hugged my chest perfectly and didn鈥檛 make me feel flat chested like I worried bc it is unlined. The packaging was great and discrete. Also of note is the lace and ribbon/material seems like quality and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap at all! This was the best purchase I鈥檝e made on amazon yet!!	review_date"
"I am 5ft 3in and 132 lbs. I got a medium and it fits great. I don鈥檛 think the fishnet is going to be super long lasting but for the price I am pleased.	review_date"
"Great fit and look. Only took off one star because one tiny section of the lace was delivered slightly snagged. I will be ordering moreSize Medium for 5鈥? 144 lbs was a perfect fit	review_date"
"I would normally order a large but after reading the reviews I鈥檓 glad I got an XL. When I took it out of the bag I was nervous because it looks tiny! But it fits perfectly. The lace is very delicate and good quality. I love it.	review_date"
"Buy next size up. I usually wear a XL and purchased an xxl	 fit perfectly and was comfortable enough to wear under clothes for a few hours. No boob support what so ever but that was expected with the style being all lace. Lace was very soft as well! It did its job and I felt very sexy in it	 my husband agreed!	review_date"
"Had never bought lingerie in this color before so I was skeptical but it looked good!!! And as other reviews mentioned it just makes you look good all around!! Looks great from the front and back and super soft!! Husband wants me to buy it in other colors too!! Lol	review_date"
"Just an FYI for the manufacturer of this garment. If a woman is an XXL? She is usually a C cup or larger. I'm a D cup and the top barely covers my dollar coin size areolas. Not sure if this was intended but it looks ridiculous. The rest fit fine.	review_date"
"This is absolutely beautiful!  I usually wear a small	 I'm 5'7 125 lbs	 but ordered a size up and it fit perfect.  The blue is a gorgeous color.  The quality is excellent and you can't beat the price.  I didn't have any holes or tears in mine and it wore perfectly with no tears after wearing.  I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Seems petite but hey	 that's just motivation to work out more! The ties in the back are a little cheap looking and this piece isn't the BEST quality but I don't think it's meant to stay on too long- am I right? Good for the price though!	review_date"
"Loved this! I ordered two sizes larger than my normal size based on the size chart but it fits me perfectly. Looks just like the photos but I鈥檇 definitely check out the size chart before purchasing	review_date"
"I bought the pink one in a medium and loved it and it fit well	 so i wanted the blue too and it is too small. Does not fit like the pink one. Im 5'4\ 135 lbs	 34DDD bust and the pink covered enough of my chest although still quite a bit was out but its ok because im an entertainer	 but the blue covered nothing and was so tight! Looks very pretty though.""	review_date"
"This is nice for the price and I鈥檒l make it work despite it being small in the chest area. I would order multiple if the chest fit better.	review_date"
"I LOVE this lingerie. Its so comfortable and hugs your body perfectly. If you have a longer torso	 you might want to size up for comfort"
"I am 5'7\	 220 lbs and curvy	 this makes me feel so damn sexy. It fits right into every curve and really makes the booty pop! Defines my breasts real well too! Hoping the hubby will like it when he's back in town \u003c3""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 140lbs	 with a 32B cup and a large fit great. I just had to tighten the straps and everything was great. The material is great and does not look cheap.  The only issue I had was that it rides up and it makes it uncomfortable to wear. I love the product	 I just don鈥檛 like the way it look on me!	review_date"
"I'm 5' 4\	 125 lbs	 and ordered a large based on the size chart. I usually order a small	 but the large fits great! I could have ordered a medium	 but it would be tight and there already is barely any room for my chest (I'm a DD).""	review_date"
"Considered buying some lingerie at VS then decided to check Amazon. So glad I did. My fiance loved this piece. It rode up a little so I could of sized up but over all good quality for the price!	review_date"
"Beautiful .I love the way it fits my body	 an when I feel a little bloated it covers the tummy area perfectly . Quality material and I even appreciated the packaging.	review_date"
"SO FREAKING CUTE!!! My friends loved it. It fit just as I hoped	 I'm 5'3 and about 125lbs. It's very flattering and looks amazing on. The bow in the back is such a nice touch.	review_date"
"Very shocked that it fit so well! I do not typically wear lingerie. Ordered a Large	 I am 5鈥?	 small chest (B cups)  and hippy 170 lbs.	review_date"
"The color is wrong. It shows an orchid purple but it's really a deep	 dark indigo purple. I returned it. Website description is wrong.	review_date"
"Wonderful product for the price. I ordered a small	 and I am 5'6 and it fit well. It is stretchy but adjustable and the material is really nice. The back is super flattering. Will definitely buy again.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?140 pounds with a bigger tummy than I鈥檇 like to admit but still fit very well! I wear an 8 in jeans and a 36b. I could have possibly done a medium because the fabric is stretchy. The nice thing is the bra hooks in the back which accommodates for my smaller chest. I鈥檓 using this for a halloween costume but might possibly buy another to just wear!	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece it鈥檚 perfect and it鈥檚 quality is amazing!! Very soft to the touch and also it was very beautiful I love the detail in the back!	review_date"
"Exactly what I wanted	 I hope to get more in different colors!	review_date"
"I bought this to use for a boudoir photoshoot for my fiance and the pictures are incredible. The red is so pretty and pops out for sure. Honestly contemplating buying another one in a different color!	review_date"
"I like this piece well enough. I'm 5'1\ and 110lbs. The small fits well in most places	 but rides up in the front a bit	 which is uncomfortable.""	review_date"
"The butt area is amazing. I'm 5'6 about 170 so a large fit me perfect. But...the breast area is very small. Im a 36D and that didnt work properly 馃槄	review_date"
"Purchase based on height and cup size. I'm 5'2\ 135 lbs and a 34C. The Large size fits but rides up in a discomforting manner easily. Well constructed.""	review_date"
"Really great one piece. I love it! I was honestly shocked at how well made it was and how nicely it fits my body after two kids. Really happy!	review_date"
"I got an XL (I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?155lbs 36DD) which definitely ended up being a little big (that鈥檚 on me tho) however even being big it fits nicely! It鈥檚 a good quality and is surprisingly stretchy. The only thing is that if you have big boobs there鈥檚 not any underwire or real support so your boobs aren鈥檛 going to stay in place if you鈥檙e moving around. Overall	 I definitely recommend	review_date"
"The product came in a very timely manner. It fits perfectly for what I expected. One of the customer service team members	 Jennifer	 personally reached out to me to make sure I received the product and was happy with what I had ordered 鈥?made this purchase very worth it. I felt very cared for as a customer. She made sure to extend communication if I had any further problems	 again very much cared for! I appreciate that!	review_date"
"Looks great and fits well 5鈥? and 135lbs. I plan on surprising my fianc茅 with this sexy number on Valentine鈥檚 Day. He loves when I dress up sexy for him the red will look great	review_date"
"Material is alright	 pretty stretchy. Lace feels great!Size runs small and if you go up a size some places are bigger than others.You get what you pay for	 cheap material for cheap price.	review_date"
"Quality fabric. Feels like quality lingerieRibbon feels smooth. Fit snug and sexy. The only downside is taking off	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece! The quality is wonderful	 and is extremely flattering.I am 125 lbs	 5鈥?鈥? Normally I purchase a small or medium	 but I ordered the Large size and it fits me perfectly.	review_date"
"This is the most flattering piece of lingerie I have ever worn. It is sooooo soft which makes it that much more sexy. The bow above the butt...oh my gosh I feel soooo sexy!!!	review_date"
"I originally bought this as a one time use item expecting it to be ripped off me... however	 I loved it so much I actually decided to keep it for multiple use. My partner looooooovvvveed it!	review_date"
"It's really cute	 but man	 it rides up the front if you know what I mean!! I loosened the straps a little to relieve it	 but since the hemming goes up the middle like that	 there's no escape. Super cute besides that part!	review_date"
"Bf looooved it! I bought it to wear under clothes as a surprise. If you don't tie the bow and hide the ribbon in your bra	 no one will notice "
"I normally wear a large but i order a extra large to be on the safe side	 which did fix ok but a large would be perfect. I love the material. Worth my money. I would order again	review_date"
"Very beautiful and perfect fit. I purchased this for my fianc茅 and she loved it so much that she said I can always lingerie shop for her. Took it on our love and appreciation trip	review_date"
"I bought really expensive lingerie for my wedding night from a different place \u0026 it ended up not looking good at all \u0026 it was too big so I had to quickly find something else \u0026 im so glad I ordered this. It looks so much better than the more expensive lingerie I bought \u0026 it was super comfortable. Please listen to the reviews \u0026 order a size up. I usually wear small but got a medium \u0026 it fit amazing!	review_date"
"Perfect color as pictured	 soft lace esp by thong area. HOWEVER.. The Medium runs smaller than expected.No way the triangle bra area will cover anyone with a B cup or larger. ( Unless you only want nipples covered )I plan on returning for a larger size bc the price was good.	review_date"
"Wish this was a tad bit longer to fit my torso without giving me a major camel toe. Other than that	 very cute.	review_date"
"I got the size according to the chart even one size up. It did not fit. The material was terrible too. It did not even stretch...	review_date"
"I ordered 3x	 even when I normally wear 2x and they are loose on me. I can fit well into a lot of 1x clothes. This 3x is VERY small on me. Not much room for the breasts either.	review_date"
"I got this to wear for my boyfriend to spice up thing in the bed room. He absolutely loves this on me.	review_date"
"I ordered a medium based on others' reviews and it was a perfect fit for me. I'm 5'3 120 lbs and size A cup. It's flattering!	review_date"
"Was pretty skeptical to purchase this	 especially because the reviews said the sizes were wonky. I weigh about 180lb	 I'm 5' 4\	 and I wear about a 38B or a 34C bra. I ordered an XL and it fit almost perfectly. The band around my chest is a little tight but it came with an extender so problem solved! Big warning	 if my boobs were any bigger	 I do not think this would have fit	 truly not made for busty woman no matter your weight. Overall really happy with this purchase.""	review_date"
"The material is super soft and comfortable. However	 I'm not sure if my torso is just too long or what	 but the suit is not long enough to fit correctly. It created some weirdness in the front	 and rode up uncomfortably in the back. I wanted to love it	 but I just can't.	review_date"
"It is also made for the torse of a 4th grader. If you are plus size and do NOT want your lady bits falling out completely... don't bother.	review_date"
"I bought a size small. The only thing I didn鈥檛 like was the strap in the back. I like wearing teddies under my clothes and the strap makes it hard to do without a bulge. It looks great on me .	review_date"
"I'm a small girl	 5'3 / 100lbs. Ordered A small and it actually fits! I was scared at first because nothing ever fits me lol	 I love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful and well-made for the price but I'm a size 12 so I ordered up xxxlg and its skin tight. This company obviously only makes Asian sizes.	review_date"
"It is a beautiful item but doesn't even come close to fitting in the cup area.. I am a 34 D.  It barely covers the nipple and not in a pretty way..but	 it is beautiful...	review_date"
"Love this! I was worried about the fit. I'm a size 12. I ordered the XL and it fits perfectly. Looks just like the picture. Quality seems good. Very pleased!	review_date"
"The piece overall seemed nice enough	 but the elasticized lace over the hips was stretched loose and snagged/torn on one side-- as if someone had tried tugging down on the garment by pulling at the edges of the material.	review_date"
"this product was great!! it arrived on time and fit me wonderfully. it is very sheer and see through (which is what i wanted)	 but if you鈥檙e planning to wear it out you will need to wear something under it	review_date"
"This was much better quality than I expected. Very flattering and beautiful color!	review_date"
"I've only worn it a couple times	 but it's absolutely gorgeous. I was nervous because I've bought cheap lingerie on Amazon before	 but I'm incredibly pleased with this.	review_date"
"Based upon the reviews I ordered a size up - it fits a bit loosely. I could have gotten away with a medium. Otherwise the bodysuit is beautiful and will make an excellent surpise in the future.	review_date"
"This is sooo cute! When it first came in and I saw the back	 I was kind of doubtful. The back is very revealing so I thought it would just give me a wedgie. I tried it on and it actually fits my behind	 hips	 and breast so well. The only reason this doesn鈥檛 not get a 5 star is because the fabric in the front had a small tear. Also	 I鈥檓 neutral on the string that you tie. I don鈥檛 really hate it but I don鈥檛 love it either.	review_date"
"Wow this piece is actually very pretty \u0026 delicate! Looks exactly like picture and fits great. The the top portion offers little support for larger bust (think bralette style) but it is beautiful nonetheless! I bought this in both red \u0026 black in a large - I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?36C bust	 size 6 but have a relatively long torso	review_date"
"This product was just sad. I liked the color and material	 but the fit is terrible. It is not large breast friendly. I wear a size 10/12 and usually a size medium. The boobs looked small so I got XL to be safe. The breast area was STILL SO SMALL for my breasts. Im size 36DD and it was too small.... but the rest of my body	 it was too large and loose. I was highly disappointed as I was looking forward to this product for Christmas.	review_date"
"This is an amazing item and i was not expecting it at all! Whenever you buy anything on line your always afraid of the fit and how the material is going to feel	 let me tell you it fits so well	 looks so amazing	 and the material is surprisingly comfortable! the silky ribbon strap hits amazingly on my waist giving a gorgeous hour glass figure	 I am so impressed with this item and I'm recommending it to everyone!	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this!!! I am a size 10/12	 5'5\ and 170 pounds and I got a size large and it was perfect!!! I got this for a boudior shoot and it was absolutely perfect and the photographer loved it also!!""	review_date"
"This is so sexy and perfect for curves. While the cups could be a little bigger	 they still accomodated and supported my natural E breasts. I will be buying it in another color.	review_date"
"This lingerie is perfect! I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh about 160 pounds and got the size large and it fit me absolutely perfect	 and boyfriend loves it even more. The reason I deducted a star is because the fabric feels like it could rip if it gets snug somewhere but other than that it鈥檚 the most comfortable and breathable lingerie I own. Very happy with my purchase	review_date"
"I bought this on short notice for a boudoir shoot. It fit perfectly! The photographers loved it and everyone who has seen the pictures has loved it. Very soft lace	 not scratchy at all. And for that price it can鈥檛 be beat.	review_date"
"By far the most flattering	 comfortable and supportive lingerie I have worn in a long time.  I have ample breasts and have had a few babies	 so like many women	 I have some insecurities.  I felt like a prize in this little suit.  For the price	 I was quite pleasantly surprised at the spectacular fit and comfort of the piece.  It offers some support to the top	 but remains comfy.I hope you and your private audience enjoy to wear and be seen in this outfit.	review_date"
"This is better than I imagined!! It fit perfectly (not loose at all). Great quality	 ordering another in a different color!	review_date"
"Fits like a dream. Wore this for my anniversary and felt SO sexy. The bow in the back sits so pretty on the butt. Altogether very flattering	review_date"
"It is beautiful....it however is not for busty women. I am a 38G and it didn鈥檛 cover my boobs....lucky for me I have a black lace brace that blends in well with this teddy.	review_date"
"This piece is well made	 flattering	 and stretchy to fit your shape. The material is soft and vibrant.	review_date"
"I always use reviews to figure out what size to buy! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?113-118lbs and a 32dd/34c in bra sizes. Athletic build	 I have a good size bum and it complements it! The breast area doesn鈥檛 have support if you鈥檙e used to lingerie that does. I would buy again.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 between 135-145ibs. I orders a medium and it fit perfectly. Its a bit then because it is a fishnet/meshy material so be delicate when putting it on. The lace didn't itch so that's a plus. Super sexy	 I used mine as a shirt to go with that \lingerie top\"" affect with some jeans	 and heels and it was a hit. Great buy	 I'd buy again!""	review_date"
"I loved the way this fit on me	 but part of the lace wasn't completely sewn together. I was not impressed with the product when I found this out. Luckily I know how to sew and I have red thread on hand. Still going to keep it	 it looks as good as new thanks to me. But still disappointing.	review_date"
"love love love this body suit. very cute and almost retro-looking. bought another one in black. i am normally a medium (5鈥?鈥? 132 lbs) bought a large but probably could鈥檝e gotten away with a medium	review_date"
"I'm am 18 and this fit just fine although trust me	 you aren't going to be hiding anything in this	review_date"
"Absolutely in love with this piece! Gorgeous	 light weight	 luxurious feeling. So comfortable it could have been bought for pjs. It covered my slight tummy pouch	 made my bum look great. Only thing is it has a lot of side boob	 qs to be expected if you have a larger chest like i do. I normally wear a size large	 but after reading i ordered two sizes up and it fit like a glove. Will buy another color	review_date"
"This material is soooo soft and lovely. I based the size to purchase off a previous post and pics that was purchase. I鈥檓 a 40DD and you鈥檒l get XL in one piece and a size 14 in pants. For my order based on what I read I got a 3XL which fits beautifully even though I could鈥檝e gone down a size but the tie makes it hardly noticeable. It has nice stretch to it and the color is lovely.	review_date"
"Ladies	 this is definitely a beautiful piece. It fits perfect and will be purchasing again. Shipping was quick as expected. Ladies	 you wont be disappointed!!!!	review_date"
"The material over all is really good quality! I weight about 180	 38C	 and am about 5鈥?. I got the XXL and the body part fit good but the bra did not cover at all. I had side boob hanging out everywhere and when i would try to cover it	 i had some underboob which did not look good. I feel like if you鈥檙e a girl with a big chest	 this lingerie won鈥檛 fit you well. i鈥檓 really disappointed because it looked like a good product :(	review_date"
"This item was amazing. I鈥檓 a curvy girl with a tiny waist and it made ME feel sexy. It was comfortable. Big booty girls there鈥檚 no digging feeling of dental floss lol. It was well received and I loved it. Will buy again in other colors . Perfect for the lady who likes nice lingere and is on a budget :)	review_date"
"I really wanted to love this but as a size 18/20 woman it was snug and dint fot like I had hoped.	review_date"
"This is not made for heavy chested women. It is soft and exactly like the picture. it just didn't cover the top area at all.	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS!!! I am 175 pounds and 5'3 and I ordered two sizes up from my normal size! (XX-large) because I'm pretty busty. (38DD). Well I'm so glad I sized up becasue it fits so well. It's actually extremely comfortable and it's a big confidence booster!! Its very sexy and cute!! Just for busty girls you will have some side boob though!! So I would recommend sizing up one!	review_date"
"Super sexy even if u have a tummy I鈥檓 a size 12 with a tummy and wear a size 36 C and a large fit perfect	review_date"
"Comfortable	 sexy	 flattering	 and appears to be decent quality. Nothing weird here	 it鈥檚 simple and sexy.	review_date"
"The quality was nice. I wish it fit. But this is just not a good cut for large breasted women.	review_date"
"Very elegant and sexy design. My man was left speechless. I ordered peach - nice color	 except the ribbon	 as it was beige. But overall looks stunning! The item is true to size (S)	 outstanding quality of the material and cut.	review_date"
"The material feels great.  Fits fantastic! Use the sizing chart.  I am getting more in other colors!	review_date"
"I'm happy with the quality of the fabric and softness of the lace.  A few notes to think about: Remember	 it is all lace so more see through in person than on the model. There is no extra fabric liner in the crotch area. I am 5'6\ at 145 lbs and size M fit well""	review_date"
"The quality feels very nice and the fit is great. The strech makes it easy to fit in the right places.	review_date"
"The piece does run a little smaller	 however you should also take into account the size of your bust and backside. If you have a heavier bust	 you may want to order up a size. Otherwise	 you'll probably be fine getting the size you usually do in shirts and one-pieces	 or a size bigger	 because the back rides up a bit.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 great fabric. Just fit smaller then I planned. Exchanging for a bigger size. (Note I鈥檓 5鈥?	130	 34D and found out I need a medium).	review_date"
"one of my new faves!! fits great and it isnt made of some thin cheap lace. its really sturdy so u can really party in it :)	review_date"
"cheaply made	 the plastic piece that holds the strap broke before I was even able to put it on. As was slightly smaller than expected	review_date"
"I ordered the blue one and the color is gorgeous. Fabric feels very soft and has a much more luxurious feel than what you would expect from a $12 piece of lingerie.  I used the size chart and item fit perfect. The breast cups are a little on the small side and probably wont work if you are bigger than a C cup.	review_date"
"I'm very cautious about buying things because I hate the return process but I will NOT be returning this item. It fits so amazingly the adjustable straps are perfect the toe around your waist flatters your curvs so perfectly and it is soooooooooo soft. I am 5'6 and about 120. I ordered a med fits perfect and a 32b. Their is room in the boob for somemore or if you tighten the straps fits perfect	review_date"
"It looks just as pictured and fits like a glove. I usually run a medium but got a large just in case. And it fits and looks so good. Wore it out with friends for a lingerie night with denim short and I got so many compliments. The materal is nice amd doesnt feel cheap. The bow tie in the back is so silky and soft and a cute addition.	review_date"
"Great product for the price! I ordered a Large because on the reviews everyone said to order two sizes up. Nevertheless	it did fit large. I am 154lbs and 5鈥?	 I am petit and usually wear small or medium...so I would say Medium would have fit perfect. Highly recommended for the price!	review_date"
"I liked it but runs really small. I'm 5'3 150lbs ordered a medium and had to return. It looked like an extra small on me.	review_date"
"Bought a large which is a size up from what I wear to avoid being to small especially for my breasts they did not fit in this at all	review_date"
"Very flattering. I love the waistband detail.	review_date"
"Did a personal boudoir shoot with this definitely very seethrough! The black part is very clear! If this is for your significant other they鈥檒l love it! I bought a medium	review_date"
"Sexy	 comfortable	 just has an interesting fit to it. I'm 5' 5\ and 167 so I was worried about the size. I had read that people order up to 2 sizes bigger because of the way it fit. I'm usually a medium or large so I went with a 2xl. The bottom is a little loose	 but barely noticeable.. and the cups are very small (as many people said) I have small breasts and they still barely fit!""	review_date"
"Definitely a cute one piece..wore it to a lingerie party and felt very comfortable in it!! Will definitely buy in other colors.	review_date"
"These are sooo prettyyyy. I have a red and a black one. I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?and 145lbs and small chested.  But the medium fit perfectly. I was very pleasantly surprised because things are usually too short and the 鈥渂oobs鈥?are usually way too big. All in all	 I love it. Super sexy and well made.	review_date"
"This fits beautifully around the lower half and fits so great around my waist. But this is not good for big chested girls. I wear a size DDD and it barley covers my nips. i want to return this but im just add lace to this and try to fit it up and make it work since its so cute.	review_date"
"Got this for my wife for New Year鈥檚 Eve. She wore it as a under shirt and had a sheer top on. Worth every penny!!! I would of paid $30 to $50 for it. So happy with the look she bought other colors.  The company that sells this is awesome.  Hands-down best customer service.  Very happy customer.	review_date"
"I was skeptical purchasing lingerie online' but I HAD to try it for the price. This beat my expectations. The material was much softer than I thought it would be and the medium fit my 5'2' 150 lb curviness perfectly!	review_date"
"Very comfy and cute size medium	review_date"
"Very flattering and sexy. I'm 5'10	 180. I normally wear a L or XL	 and ordered this in a XXXL	 fits perfect. Definitely size way up. Not the best quality	 very delicate... but great for the price!	review_date"
"I love this one piece! Red is my favorite color and this particular shade looks great on me. If you have ever felt the need for a body image confidence boost	 then I鈥檇 suggest ordering this even if you are going to just lounge around the house alone. The lace piece itself is very feminine and the tie bow is an added bonus.	review_date"
"Soft	 I felt beautiful	  it was true to size and soft.  I going to get more colors	review_date"
"I am 5'6\ 125lbs	 and a 34C. I bought a medium and it fits like a dream	 stretchy and comfortable. Well made and very well fitting.""	review_date"
"Loved this!!! So sexy and girly at the same time. I love the dark pink color and so did my boyfriend. Very flattering!	review_date"
"This is beautiful and high quality. I was skeptical but it looks just as nice (if not better) as my Victoria's Secret item. It does run small though. I am 5'6\ ~135lbs and B cup and ordered a medium. It has a slight bit of wiggle room	 could have gotten a small maybe but the medium is comfortable. Straps are extendable to adjust to different torso sizes. Bra clasp COMES WITH EXTENDER. For someone that has a larger rib cage this is ideal.""	review_date"
"Como esperaba	review_date"
"If you鈥檙e on the fence about buying this then I say just get it!! I Love how it looks on me and it鈥檚 super soft too. Just gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because if worn for extended period of time it does ride up my butt so much that it starts to give me a wedgie in the front. Assuming it鈥檚 not meant for lounging in but once I tried it on I didn鈥檛 want to take it off lol.	review_date"
"Very pretty and great quality for such a low price.  Similar bodysuits cost four or five times as much elsewhere. (eg:VS)  Definitely recommend.  Make sure your hands are soft and smooth before handling product!  It's a delicate lace style and if you have rough hands you'll pull threads! :)  Sturdy enough for sure but with all lacey things one needs to be aware of this.	review_date"
"This is amazing! I bought it for Valentine鈥檚 Day and just tried it on	 it fits my curves wonderfully	 excentuates my waist and I feel so sexy in it. I can鈥檛 believe it was only 14$	 the material is very soft too.	review_date"
"I don't buy lingerie often so wasn't willing to put $75 toward something I'd wear once at Victoria's Secret. This looks just as advertised! I am 5'8' and 123 and the size medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"The material is great	 and appears to be good quality.  Unfortunately	  I ordered according to the size chart and it is a little big all around. Giving it 3 starts due to size chart being incorrect.	review_date"
"Bought this for a friend鈥檚 bridal shower	 and was so impressed that I had to get my own.	review_date"
"I usually wear a small size in general but I saw another reviewer who had a similar body type so I sized up. I have two in a medium- (5'5 130 lbs 34C/D long torso) and they fit like a glove! The quality is amazing for the price and I will need one in every color! I am seriously obsessed. Buy it	 you won't regret it!	review_date"
"I think it looked more like a bathing suit on. If you like that style for lingerie then it's perfect and comfortable. Just not my preference	review_date"
"The cup size was on the smaller size. I鈥檓 a D cup. But it鈥檚 a cute piece	review_date"
"So cute \u0026 flattering. Love the belt in the back it makes your waist look amazing. Maybe size up if you have big boobs (I do\u0026 even this size doesnt hold them in all the way	 i still love it tho!)	review_date"
"Beautiful and sexy! I really love it	 it鈥檚 one of the best ones I鈥檝e gotten and at a really good price. It鈥檚 soft and not itchy	 easy to remove and it鈥檚 a good quality.	review_date"
"I ordered a large (5'6	 145lbs) and it fit perfectly everywhere except the boobs	 which were at most big enough for a small B cup and sewn too closely together. It's sucks because other than that it was so cute. I loved the band around the waist.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 looks great on. Great for curvy girls	 be sure to order 2 sizes up . Looks exactly as seen in photo.	review_date"
"Wow for the price you can鈥檛 go wrong I wear a L/XL so I ordered a XL it fit perfect the material is stretchy and very soft . I would definitely recommend this sexy lingerie	review_date"
"Okay	 I was completely blown away with how great this was! So soft and flattering too! The best piece of lingerie I have ever ordered from Amazon!	review_date"
"This is better than i thought it would be. I thought my size would be too big but it's not. I got a 3x because i have a big butt and wear a 38C. So this size was perfect. It does stretch so i think even a 2x or maybe even 1x would have been fine but i didn't want to risk it. It's also comfortable!	review_date"
"I purchased this after reading a review online for it - this item looks well-made and much more expensive that the price I paid. I got this in XL in black. I am 5'3\ and 155 lbs.	 curvy body type. Fits so nicely.  Wow! Definitely recommend.""	review_date"
"Not intended for women with large boobs. I ordered a large and it fit me perfectly. I however have 36C boobs. I can鈥檛 imagine it fitting someone with larger boobs. I would definitely buy again!! It definitely hides my flaws in my midsection.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 170lbs and I ordered the 3X. Sizing doesn鈥檛 make me feel very slim	 but you just have to deal with the Chinese sizing and rest assured	 you鈥檒l probably look great in it!	review_date"
"I am 160lbs 5'5 and a 36D. I normally wear a medium but I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly. It's super sexy and looks very high quality! Not super supportive and doesn't provide a lot of coverage for my chest but that's ok since it's only for the bedroom lol. It's definitely a confidence booster though!!!	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 112 and I got the medium. Fit exactly like in the product pic - so sexy and will be buying more!	review_date"
"I ordered this for my honey moon. It is beautiful on and fit as expected. It really made my husband happy.	review_date"
"Definitely not for petite women. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 100lbs and it was not form fitting like it should be. Super disappointed because it鈥檚 so cute!	review_date"
"Very cute	 well made.I weigh 148	 5ft 4in and the medium fits very well.	review_date"
"The fit was perfect. It is very soft. The only problem I had was the groin area which didnt have a padded area that fits comfortably since a seam runs straight down. Overall it is still a great product! Im also 5'1 with 32-34DD size bra. It adjusts easily. I got a size bigger than usually since Im thicker.	review_date"
"Soft material and decent quality. Got XL based off their size chart and I was HUGE. 145 lbs	review_date"
"This might be the best $9.99 I鈥檝e ever spent. Well-packaged	 great quality	 soft and stretchy fabric	 and the way the back is cut makes my a*# look amazing. Pick this one up	 ladies!	review_date"
"This item is really great quality for such an inexpensive item. The red color is really striking and the item itself is very flattering for thicker bodies. Once I tried it on I immediately told all my friends that they should buy one!	review_date"
"No complaints so far. I ordered a size large. I am 5鈥?鈥?140lbs and a 32DD. It fits perfectly and for the price it seems like decent quality. No rips or strings coming undone like other I have purchased online.	review_date"
"very sexy	 very soft and comfortable. I am 5'6 and 140	 and medium fits like a glove. if you have bigger boobs	 probably wont fit well.the only downside-it seems to be extremely delicate	 so even hand washed	 its not gonna last for more than 3-4 (short) wears.	review_date"
"It is a cute one piece but having even ordered a XL it was still too small on top. If your boob size is C or bigger then it will most likely not fit you	 if I close the back clasp then my boobs are plastered and spilling out of the sides of it. The one piece is pretty just wish it were more accommodating for those with bigger boobs.	review_date"
"The size is definitely not what I ordered but it fits great. I love the fake silk belt in the middle. It's so flattering. I would order again.	review_date"
"Beautiful but made for a small framed person. Definitely recommend ordering 2 sizes bigger.	review_date"
"I read the reviews before ordering so I did order the correct size but	 I would recommend sizing up one size. I wear an XL so I ordered a XXL and fit was great! I love the bow! Happy Valentines Day 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Love it I bought a xxl I weight 180 lbs \u0026 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?bra size 36DDD	review_date"
"Runs big. My crotch was just hanging out there. And I鈥檓 not a small girl 馃槀	review_date"
"Great looking but runs small. Get 2 sizes upMy measurements  36-32-45	review_date"
"Fits as the chart lists. Flattering	 soft material	 and the color is as described. Would buy again.	review_date"
"I just received my lingerie order	 I couldnt resist and had to try it on. I love the fact that for the price the material is nice and soft. It fits as expected and it fits comfortably! I feel and look sexy with this lingerie. I cant wait to show it off to my boyfriend.	review_date"
"I bought this a bachelorette party gift for my friend. It's good quality and looks very pretty.	review_date"
"This teddy is so sexy	 the red belt snatches your waist.  I can not wait to wear it.	review_date"
"The material is soft and stretchy	 and the bow is very nice. I ordered an XL but my 36DDD were barely covered. With no support whatsoever (and not enough material!) they were popping out the sides and top. There was absolutely no way to situate them to look decent.	review_date"
"Super cute and im pretty stoked with the material. Not as cheap as I thought it would be. Cute item.	review_date"
"We loved this product! 5鈥?	 139 pounds bought a medium and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Beautiful. I am 5鈥?鈥?and very petite so I have trouble finding bodysuits which fit my body properly and look nice with my small chest - this piece checks all the boxes.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 in love! I鈥檓 a plus size woman and this was my first time purchasing lingerie and I was worried it wouldn鈥檛 fit but it fits lovely. The material is super stretchy and it really looks great. Super excited for my boyfriend to see it馃槉	review_date"
"This looks great on and is EXTREMELY comfortable. Has more lift than expected up top. Very happy. Bought it again in a different color!	review_date"
"I have small breasts about a B cup and I weigh about 138 pounds	 I have really thick thighs and a booty so I got a large and it fit perfectly !! Very happy w this purchase and the color	review_date"
"I have small boobs but large butt and hips. I didn't heed the warning of the cups being too small..  And although it is great material I dont know if I would buy it again.	review_date"
"I loved it. It fit perfectly. It would鈥檝e fit better if the boob part was bigger but that鈥檚 a me thing because I have abnormally big boobs lol. But I was still able to wear it. But it was true to size. It looks good. I have baby weight and it hid my problem areas really well and was super cute. And customer service and shipping was on point!	review_date"
"I felt so sexyyyyy!I'm 225 lbs carry my weight in my midsection and legs this has such a nice stretch to it. The underwear part is pretty big and not short big plus!I'm a 38C bra size and it barely fit I'm ok with that.Overall I'm so happy with it i modeled it to hubby and he loved it too!	review_date"
"I was highly surprised at the high quality feel of this teddy. Its very beautiful.. Got it in pink	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?tall with a 30 inch waist and 34 triple D boobs I got an extra large and it looks lovely	review_date"
"I look cute as heck in it. I鈥檓 137lb and I bought the Large and it fit perfectly. It鈥檚 very flattering and it makes my stomach look flatter from the side. Soo worth buying	 it鈥檚 really adorable!	review_date"
"Fit as expected on my body I have bigger boobs and the top is meant for smaller boobs. It hides some flaws like love handles and makes your butt look nice	review_date"
"Fits everywhere nice except the breast area but he had no complaints	review_date"
"Fit my fianc茅e perfectly. She bought this for our honeymoon. She ordered a small and it fit perfect. She is usually a 4 or 6 in pants and a B cup. Hope this helps.	review_date"
"I followed other reviewers \u0026 ordered a size up! It鈥檚 beautiful. Fits perfectly \u0026 I couldn鈥檛 be happier!	review_date"
"The quality isn't amazing	 but it isn't terrible either. If you're looking for top of the line lingerie	 this is not it but it was pretty and functional. I do like it	 it definitely worth the price.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Comes with a bra extender	 so you adjust the top part of it to size.	review_date"
"I bought this as a last minute for my wedding anniversary. Of course with it being on the cheaper side I didn鈥檛 have high expectations. But let me tell you - it is absolutely beautiful!! I will be ordering it in another color for sure! I feel so sexy and it hugs all my curves in all the right places. Well worth it!!	review_date"
"Super cute and great quality! Only thing is it does run a bit smallI usually wear a medium and I wish I got a large because it does ride up a bit but other than that perfect !	review_date"
"It was a little smaller than I would have liked	 but it was really pretty and looked as shown. The color was awesome. I got a 2xl and I'm a size 18. If you have bigger boobs	 you may want to size up. I don't	 so it fit well in the chest. Overall	 very happy with it	review_date"
"I wanted to love this because the fabric/design are actually pretty decent. But the size is WAY off. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 141 lbs	 athletic build. I mostly wear smalls and mediums in anything I buy. This wouldn鈥檛 fit anyone taller than 4鈥?tall (yes	 it鈥檚 THAT short). I was very disappointed	review_date"
"It was really sexy but a little Too small	 my chest was smoished in it. I wear a 40D.	review_date"
"Very pretty. I didn't realize the non-lace portion was fishnet. I thought it was going to be a thin	 sheer mesh. It's still nice. It fits great. I'm 5'4\	 127lbs	 34/36 C/D cup	 29-ish\"" hips and I got a large. It fits great but the \""girls\"" still fall out a bit on the sides.""	review_date"
"Beautiful sizing was perfect and it was beautiful	 got it for a boudoir shoot based off of another review and it looks awesome.	review_date"
"Awkward fit but pretty fabric and color	review_date"
"The product is nice	 I ordered an XL but got a XXL in the mail. It鈥檚 still nice and fits a little loose but for the price I don鈥檛 think i鈥檓 going to keep it since sending it back would be a hassle. Definitely worth the price	review_date"
"I'm 5'5\ 125 lbs and I got a medium. Fits perfectly and I would highly recommend!""	review_date"
"Item fits great. I followed the size chat. I wear a size 10/12 in pants and Medium in shirt so I ordered a medium.	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE! Hugs my curves and I feel sexy in it. Can wear for romantic night in with the hubby. Or even through on some high waisted jeans and shoes and I鈥檓 out to the club!	review_date"
"No support if you have large tits. But it will serve its purpose	review_date"
"Didn't like the way it laid	 the bodice was nice but chest looked saggy..	review_date"
"I ordered up and was still too small. Not for large chested women or long bodies.	review_date"
"Great fit	 great quality	 just like the pictures. Was not paid to write this or otherwise compensated	 i just have small boobs and it can be hard to find lingerie that's actually flattering.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 120 pounds. I got a size small	 it fit me very well! I was nervous reading all the reviews but they鈥檙e mostly accurate. It is kinda tight at the top but it fits well for a small chest like mine. I am happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"This was my first clothing order off of amazon and I am very pleased. I ordered the red and it was a nice vibrant color and the piece itself was gorgeous. I am 5ft4in	 170lbs	 a cups but wide hips. I ordered the X-large. This one-piece accentuated every curve how I wanted. I Highly recommend this product!	review_date"
"Road up the front a little bit what more do you expect with a body suit that鈥檚 a thong.	review_date"
"amazing price	 looks beautiful	 fits as expected	 soft material!	review_date"
"This is a really beautiful bodysuit. It鈥檚 not the greatest quality but it鈥檚 good for what you pay for. The ribbon around the waste is so soft and it really brings out my hourglass figure. My only complaint is that the fabric over the breasts is very small	 my boobs were falling out all over. Honestly	 it still looks very nice. I鈥檓 considering buying more colors.	review_date"
"Fit is very flattering	 it does not look as cheap as it is at all! Great value	review_date"
"I like how it hugs my curves. It covers my front area well which I like since I鈥檓 not a fan of lingerie that gives you front wedgies lol. It鈥檚 very fitted which is good for the purpose. I also wore it with jeans and trench coat.	review_date"
"I ordered two sizes up and I鈥檓 so glad that I did! I鈥檓 5鈥? and a 10/12 and ordered a 2xl. Very cute thin Lacey material but when I first tried it on the left hand strap snapped but was an easy fix. You get what you pay for and I鈥檓 happy I purchased	review_date"
"Too small	 3x fits like an xl. Very disappointing.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy.	review_date"
"This is beautiful in person! And fits great! I bought a size small and am about 5鈥? and 90 lbs.	review_date"
"Fits amazing	 looks fantastic and make a you feel like a hot b*tch. If you're unsure take the plunge	 you won't be sorry	review_date"
"Such a gorgeous piece. Simple and elegant.	review_date"
"The plastic clasp that holds the shoulder strap broke when trying it on. It is better quality than expected	 but still not what it should be. Disappointed.	review_date"
"Really pretty and stretchy! Lovved it. Should note	 if not obvious	 that it is entirely see through.	review_date"
"Love how this looks! I'm 5'5 - very curvy and 165lbs and ordered a large and it fits perfect!	review_date"
"Love it so much. Can't wait to wear it	 I will say the boobs are a little small	 which is okay for me because my boobs are about avg for my size but any bigger they wouldn't fit	 so if you're busty this isn't for you	review_date"
"I never write reviews but I really want to add my review on this item. I thought I ordered a Medium but apparently I got a large. I was worried it would be too big as I saw other reviews to just go with the Medium based on height and weight. WELL	 I tried it on and it fit well!!! Im 5鈥?	140	 and a 36B. It hid my imperfections great.	review_date"
"This is my favorite piece of lingerie. I loved the soft pink/beige color and it fit really well. I鈥檓 a 32G with a 29 inch waistline and I ordered a large.	review_date"
"This is super cute!  It fit way better than I expected!	review_date"
"My wife is very happy with it. Thank you!	review_date"
"Fit great and my significant other felt very sexy and happy	review_date"
"True to size and very sexy. Nice material.	review_date"
"Most importantly I'd like to say	 I looked at all the customer pics of this to get an idea of how it might look and you ladies are slaying it.  Every one of y'all looks awesome. Fits great	 looks great	 nice soft stretchy lace	 all the things. Love it.	review_date"
"Very nice garment. I was not disappointed. It came very nicely packaged and seems to be of quality fabrics. It arrived on time too!	review_date"
"Surprisingly super cute and fits well for such a cheap price! The fabric seems like good quality and is soft.	review_date"
"Super cute! Love the color it's so pretty! And my husband loved it too :)	review_date"
"Really cute and I love the bow. I think it would best fit shorter girls.	review_date"
"Runs large	 but super sexy and comfy.	review_date"
"I love it	 but the adjustable thing for the strap broke	review_date"
"Cup size worked but didn't fit my torso length.	review_date"
"So pretty!  Love it and it's comfortable...how can I wear it during the day?	review_date"
"Really pretty and the fit is great.Im not the most body confident	but when I put this own I was really happy with what I saw!This is very flattering especially if you have a tummy you鈥檙e self-conscious about like myself	it doesn鈥檛 draw attention straight to it!	review_date"
"Loved this!!! Not only is it sexy	 but comfortable!!	review_date"
"4鈥?1 and 160lbs with DD. I love this piece! It鈥檚 really flattering and shapely. The only thing that鈥檚 small is the breast part. I do wear a bra with it so I don鈥檛 really mind. Overall I love it. I got it in black and I鈥檓 going to reorder in red	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 138lbs small chest and stomach	 big butt and thighs. Large fits a little loose but with the adjustable straps it works pretty well!!!	review_date"
"I wear a 42DDD and ordered a 3X and it was to small for my boobs. Everything else fit and I am 210 lbs.	review_date"
"I ordered a 2xl because I was scared it wouldn't fit				 when it arrived it fit alittle big but nothing to serious where I need to return it BUT if you have larger breasts it does have a lot of side boob 		 so I'm happy I got the 2xl because my breast would have not fit at all lol! But it looks great and is exactly like the pic!	review_date"
"Fit great! Very good quality. Hubby loved it!	review_date"
"It's fits great and my soon to be husband is gonna love it! I didn't realize it was all see through but my FH loves see through! It's great and I'm glad I got it! I would buy it again	review_date"
"The fabric is a lot more high quality than I expected and the color is vibrant. I normally wear a large	 but I ordered an XL after reading reviews. It fits just fine everywhere	 except it only covers about 1/3-1/2 of my boobs	 which I don't consider to necessarily be an issue on a piece of lingerie. Overall	 very satisfied	 especially for the price!	review_date"
"This is super cute and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap. I wore it out with a bralette and jacket.	review_date"
"This piece is absolutely stunning and the color is super flattering!  I agree with some of the other reviews	 that it is a little short in the torso but overall I am very happy with my purchase.  I will be buying in other colors!	review_date"
"this is super cute!! it has a little stretch so it fit nicely. im 5'2\ and 140 lbs and i think i got a large.""	review_date"
"I loved how it fit	 the color and satin tie for the back. It鈥檚 probably actually one of my favorite lingerie outfits that I have bought and at a great price as well.	review_date"
"It looks very expensive. Lovely piece of lingerie	 although you should definitely order a size up! I'm very small	 32C 5'7' and a \small\"" was too snug for me!""	review_date"
"Bought according to their size chart. Still too small for my bust. Was very sad! Bought for our anniversary. :( wish I could of made it work!	review_date"
"I ordered a size up because of the reviews. It was still small	 I usually wear 2x so I got a 3x and it was like a reg xl !?! But cute material!	review_date"
"This was better than I expected. The material is quite soft. Maybe a bit fragile	 however. I would definitely handle it with care. The bust portion is a little odd. My modest chest is not quite comfortable. I cannot imagine it would work well on a busty gal. Overall I like it. The price was right even if it only makes one appearance.	review_date"
"Love it but it鈥檚 very delicate. Only worn twice and has many snags and pulls.	review_date"
"Gr eat quality for the price. I feel like it runs a little small. I'm a size 10 and would ordered an xl instead of l.	review_date"
"I am 5'3 127lbs and got a size medium. Fit perfectly. Size 36 D and fits kind of tight around the bust	 but found it was good. Overall nice purchase. See through all the way.	review_date"
"My boyfriend absolutely loved it! I got a size small and it fit like a glove. I also cut off the bow because it was covering a lot of my butt. The quality was very good and better than I expected.	review_date"
"I'm 5'10	 and a size 12. I ordered the 2x and it fit perfectly.I got the blush color and it's gorgeous.	review_date"
The garment fits fine everywhere except my chest. It鈥檚 a bit too small in that area
"Love this and fit perfectly by sizing up one sz. Normally wear a small And purchased a med. 5ft4	 140lbs. Purchased in blue and pink. Hubby loved too!	review_date"
"Pretty blue color. Soft material.	review_date"
"Not the most flattering shape	 but it fit well and is better quality than most lingerie I've bought here.	review_date"
"Honestly	 I was very nervous ordering this because of sizing. Its great for people of smol bust	 I would say! Fits like a glove as well. Super adorable	 saucy	 back style as well	 with the silk tie!	review_date"
"The garment is beautiful	 material seems of nice quality. However my 36DD chest had about 12% chance of staying in the cup space allotted. I purchased an XL based on past experiences and guesswork. The rest of the body suit	 sans bust area	 fit great. Sad to have to return it.	review_date"
"Body and back closure fit great but the cups are tiny even for the XXL i ordered. I am a size 14 and 38DDD	review_date"
"I'm 165 pounds 5\7  and a large fit perfectly. The product is exactly as advertised. The material is great l and I'm just in love with how it fits on my body.""	review_date"
"Plus size girl over here and iv never felt more sexy! The lace is such great quality and sturdy!  The size chart is very accurate \u0026 the material does have a good amount of stretch to it. Will buy in different colors ! 鉂ゐ煄?	review_date:January 12	 2019""	star"
"Nice product. Fit as expected and comfortable. Came with a rip in the mesh though.	review_date"
"Hot!!! So much detail and fits very well	 can't wait to show it off for my boyfriend!	review_date"
"Its fits perfectly and looks great!	review_date"
"Beautiful! High Quality! Great Price! I couldn't be happier with this piece.	review_date"
"I like the look of it actually	 it seems relatively well made for the price. However	 the proportions are way off. It seems to be very bottom heavy. So while my boobs barely fit in it's weirdly loose around my butt. A very weird fit and not in line with the measurements provided.	review_date"
"Arrived on time	 happy with purchase	 nice reusable packaging	review_date"
"Bought for a friend's bachelorette	 was fairly worried about the quality given the price but it turned out great and by all accounts looked great too!	review_date"
"Loved this	 it fits almost perfect my boobs are a little big. buttt thats the point right.	review_date"
"Lovely design	 high quality	 and detailed.	review_date"
"I look and feel sexy i love it	review_date"
"Runs small so order a size up.  I usually wear a medium in everything	 so I ordered a large and it fit.  It was still a bit tight so I'm thinking an XL might have been better.  I am 5'4\ and 150lbs.  It was good quality though for the price!""	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Fits great and is as described.	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite pieces. Fits wonderfully and it was a steal! The material is very nice and silky.	review_date"
"It looks just like the picture	 super cute! I was a bit worried about the fit since I am curvy but it fit perfectly. I ordered a size XL and I am usually a size L or XL in tops	 38D in bra	 and 12-14 in bottoms.	review_date"
"It's held up to several wears and I'm 5'9\ about 200lbs and my boyfriend loves it	 definitely compliments an array of body types and is good quality""	review_date"
"Very pretty and good quality	review_date"
"Great fit. 5'4\ 165 lbs ordered a size large.""	review_date"
"Fits me perfectly!! And I love that it is adjustable! It looks super good on too	 and is a good material	review_date"
"Pretty good for the price. Not cheaply made. Stretches a bit. Adjustable straps. Survived the first wash.	review_date"
"Looked amazing on. Wore it with jeans and a blazer. Great quality!	review_date"
"It's super cute	 but it's way too big. I'm 5'7\ 150 lbs. 34D bra size. waist is 30\"" so I ordered the XL per the sizing chart. The bra clasps are riding up in the back big time. Too big around.""	review_date"
"Fits well besides the bust area. If you have larger breasts it will look skimpy on. Very pretty color and material.	review_date"
"Big waste of money don鈥檛 do it	review_date"
"I am a size 12 and 36DD	 and the xl fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"We were good.	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexyyy loved this on my wife drove me insane	review_date"
"SO CUTE! The material is nice. I bought a medium. And it fit perfectly. I am 5鈥? 114lbs :)	review_date"
"Love this piece!	review_date"
"Nice for the price. Husband thought it was sexy. No complaints!	review_date"
"Very nice sexy lingerie! I ordered a small	 I鈥檓 5鈥? with a petite build \u0026 naturally fit. Very satisfied with my purchase.	review_date"
"A nice quality piece without the crazy pricetag! Bought it to surprise the Hubby and he love it!	review_date"
"I wish I had ordered my true size	 I ordered up a size like all the reviews were saying and I didn't really need to. The chest part is pretty small though. It still fits pretty good	 can't really complain.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy! I am around 5'2 and 113 pounds. I ordered a size small. I wear a 36C and I found that while the bottom half fit perfectly	 the top was very small.	review_date"
"Giving it a 3 because it's so pretty. Sadly it doesn't fit up top for me..looks great on but the coverage just isn't enough and I'm a 44DD	review_date"
"Much better quality than some ive ordered online but it came with a hole in it:(	review_date"
"Poor fit	review_date"
"I'm definitely a BBW so the cups on this were a joke however I just put a bra that matched the sash underneath and ut gave it a sexy layer affect. My butt is pretty big and product stretched with ease. Very cute on. I got  xxxxL which equals a 3x	review_date"
"I love it! Is perfect in size and everything else	 good quality	review_date"
"Good fit and nice quality	review_date"
"Nice lace	 sexy	 and correctly sized. I'm 5'9\ and curvy	 and the XL fit great.""	review_date"
"Very nice	 great for the price.	review_date"
"So sexy and beautiful. Can not beat it for the price.	review_date"
"Quality better than I expected	review_date"
"The bra top is way way way too small compared to the way the bottom half of it fits.	review_date"
"(Im 5鈥? 125 pounds bra size 34 C )the croch it was a tad to long on me but not to bad I could鈥檝e gotten away with a small.The top part fit perfectly I love the adjustable straps	 all together it was a great material. Definitely worth the money.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 perfect in every single way! The material is great and offers some stretch. I鈥檓 a size 14 with an hourglass body and it fit in the best way possible! Would highly recommend! My partner enjoyed it too 馃槈	review_date"
"Looks beautiful when you get it	 feels great and is worth the money. my only tip is to buy a size up...it is a bit tight to say the least (unless that's the look you're going for!) otherwise its a great product	review_date"
"When this item first arrived I was worried it was too small (ordered a medium). I鈥檓 not super curvy but I鈥檓 definitely not a small. When I tried it on it fit perfectly like it was made for me. The color nude is more of a soft pink which is what I was actually looking for. Very pretty and feminine. Husband loved it too!	review_date"
"This fit so perfectly	 I was super happy!! I'm usually an extra large so that's what i decided to order and it fits absolutely perfect. The material is so soft	 I love it!!	review_date"
"I was skeptical about the quality at first due to the price	 but when it came in the mail I was pretty shocked at how nice it felt and almost luxurious fabric. It fit amazingly	 I'm 5'9\ and 170 lbs and I ordered a large in black and it was perfect. Would highly recommend!!""	review_date"
"Was super pretty and soft	 the bow is silky and stretchy. Worry it under my clothes and was still it tact at the end of the day. Was a little loose around my stoumache so I wish that would have been tighter but was too tight on my boobs. I am 5'5\ 120 lbs and a 36 B	 I ordered a medium.""	review_date"
"Nice quality and very flattering	review_date"
"Just a little smaller than expected	 but still not bad. Made well.	review_date"
"Much higher quality than expected	 and quite soft	review_date"
"The quality is ridiculously good for the cost and it鈥檚 so comfy! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?DD and 170. Ordered an XL. Fits perfect!	review_date"
"Very flattering! I'm going to order in another color soon!	review_date"
"The ribbon doesn't match the rest of the material and it's cheaply made :(	review_date"
"Not at all like the photos.Super short	 no back. Cheaply made.	review_date"
"Very cute...and surprisingly soft and comfortable.	review_date"
Cup size is as little smaller than suggested in sizing chart. But doesn't matter cause husbands dumps them out anyways 
"Happy with the make of this however it was really small so I wouldn't say it's true to size. I'm a small person... everywhere and the top part didn't cover me all the way which made it look fairly awkward. It also felt as though it was riding up a bit. It is a beautiful piece though.	review_date"
"Broken upon arrival. It鈥檚 soft and pretty	 but the strap is broken.	review_date"
"Overall it鈥檚 a good piece it just runs small.... I believe no matter what size you get the breast part will remain the same I ordered a xxl thinking It鈥檒l fit my breast because of other reviewers but NO 5鈥? 165lb 36DDD	review_date"
"Pretty decent material however the two center pieces not aligning give it a cheap appearance. Otherwise	 very cute.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! It鈥檚 extremely sexy and exactly what I was looking for. The packing was perfect as well!	review_date"
"I had to return it because my 36D boobs just couldn't fit! It looked good from the waist down	review_date"
"Not that great but acceptable	review_date"
"It was waaaayyyy too small.  Generally I order an xl or if it runs small an xxl.  This was a 5x and I couldn鈥檛 get it over my thighs.  It鈥檚 unfortunate because it is really cute.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Yessss I feel gorgeous in this	review_date"
"Nice quality for the price. Runs a bit smaller than size	 not a good fit for taller woman.	review_date"
"This is my very first lingerie purchase it's very nice definitely run small for reference I am 4 11 104 pounds I ordered a medium and it's snug fit very nicely made though but I were you I would get two sizes up. I like the satin wrap	 makes it very elegant like.	review_date"
"I ordered a size L and I'm a 24\ waist	 34\"" bust	 and 36\"" hip and it fit almost perfectly. Just a tiny loose cause the material is stretchy.""	review_date"
"I was very impressed with the quality of materials used in this product. It seems very well put together and is very flattering. I would recommending sizing up one size larger as the item seemed to run a little small.	review_date"
"Loved it the fit is sexy	 I would buy again in another color.	review_date"
"It's so beautiful! I was worried about the sizing but it fit perfectly. If you know your measurements then follow the sizing guide they provide you on their pictures and description.The material is nice and soft and it's a great deal! Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Very sexy. I love the color.	review_date"
"Honestly	 I am SHOCKED!  I can鈥檛 belive how perfect this little teddy is. It fits me like a dream and is great quality for the price. This is even cuter than things I鈥檝e tried on in expensive designer stores. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 32D	 27in waist and I bough a Medium.	review_date"
"Ordered and xl but usually wear large and I love it....I suggest to order one size up	review_date"
"Ordered based on the size chart but it was too small for my breasts	 and a little baggy around the waist. But I would still recommend it	review_date"
"Great quality	 nice lace and size is perfect	 looks like from a fancy lingerie store.	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy.	review_date"
"Bought this for my sister as a bridal shower gift. She loved it!!	review_date"
"Very pretty color but no support if u have a large chest	review_date"
"Cute and sexy .	review_date"
"Worth it ! Not cheap at all	review_date"
"Please read the measurements	 folks. It seems that a lot of people are having difficulty getting this in their size because they didn't read the product dimensions. I'm 5'0/ 120 and ordered a large. It feels a little loose in certain places	 but overall it's fine.	review_date"
"The proportions were so off. It fit my boobs but didn鈥檛 fit the sides of my stomach. It was a straight camel toe.	 and didn鈥檛 hug my hips either. Just a disappointment.	review_date"
"I used this for a photoshoot and absolutely loved it! Great fit	 beautiful color!	review_date"
"I bought a large and it was the perfect size for me	 I wear a 36 B bra and it fit perfect around me and I wear a 11 jean and it fit my body perfectly.  It is so comfy which is kind of unexpected	 but I would highly recommend this piece	"
"Fits as expected if you read the reviews and order up 2 sizes. I like it	 very pretty. Looks expensive. The panties make my booty look awesome.	review_date"
"Perfect for price. Fits well and love the adjustable straps.	review_date"
"It came with a hole on the sides but it's fixable	review_date"
"I love this little number. The packaging is nice and it came pretty quick. The material is pretty nice for the price and the size was just right. I love how the vendor made sure I got my package! I will buy from them again.	review_date"
"This is beautiful. Good fabric and well made. The price does not reflect it's quality.	review_date"
"So cute!! It is nice quality for the price.	review_date"
"Beautiful fit	 I always have a problem with lingerie fitting because of my bra size	 however XL got perfectly. Fabric was very elegant as well.	review_date"
"It was nice untill it had shrink in the washer but it was so beautiful I might order again	review_date"
"She loved it and I did too.	review_date"
"Very flattering!	review_date"
"Love it it鈥檚 just sexy delicate and exactly what I needed to wear for my boyfriend on his bday 鈽猴笍	review_date"
"Fits just right!	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 165 lbs 42/32/42 32D and I got an XL and it fits perfectly. The cups are fairly small so I wouldn't recommend wearing it as an outfit (it is also very sheer) but you can make it work.	review_date"
"I loved how this looked when I tried it on! It's soft	 not scratchy and not at all tight. I am a larger girl	 but not too curvy below the waist. However	 this was still completely flattering!	review_date"
"5'3 100lbs 30a ordered a small	 very pleased. Shockingly soft and comfy	 all stretch except the tie and it can be tied comfortably. Not much coverage on the backside but	 its not exactly supposed to be	review_date"
"This fits amazing and is supper sexy. Runs trunnto size. I love it !! Would definitely recommend and buy this again. Good quality	review_date"
"Loved the fit. I got a small	 and I'm 5' and 120 lbs for reference.  I'm small in the chest area and was worried about the fit there	 but I was able to keep things from not being too loose there thanks to the ribbon (which is sooo soft) that can be tied in the back.  Overall	 a great purchase.	review_date"
"It fits well but isnt stitched all the way on one seem.	review_date"
"love it but runs big. had to return.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece	 Really nice material coming from someone who worked at VS	 BUT breast area didn鈥檛 quiet fit me very well	 actually very small in that specific area	 I ordered a large and I鈥檓 36 DDD ... still will make it work for my husband!	review_date"
"Sooooo cute...plan to wear under mesh/see through clothes. And for my man of course	review_date"
"Loved it  everything fit well I did size up as I have a large  bust 36 ddd.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Fits and feels like a much more expensive piece of lingerie. Who knew Amazon was the spot a sexy thang like this?! Fits pretty true to size as well.	review_date"
"This is probably my favorite piece of lingerie I've got off of Amazon so far!(out of about 10 pieces) I'm 5'5	 130lbs \u0026 34B it fits perfectly and gives my chest the perfect lift	 shows off figure great	review_date"
"It looks great on the wife. Color is good	 and fit better than I thought.	review_date"
"I wear a size 18 in jeans	 usually a 1X or 2X and bought the 3X just to be safe and it still came to be too small	 I had to struggle to bring it over my hips	 and it barely clasped. I wear a size 42DD	review_date"
"I am a 36DDD and I got a large. It fit everywhere else BUT the boob area. I still wear it and it is definitely still sexy.	review_date"
"So awkward.  Weird shape and sizing.  Maybe ok if you are flat chested.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125 pounds curvy... a medium size fit me perfect 馃憣馃徑	review_date"
"Very nice quality  !	review_date"
"Soooooo pretty馃槏	review_date"
"So cute! Fits well.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece! The fabric is high quality and soft. The size was perfect.	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 pay attention to the size chart and assumed a size large and it fit perfect! i鈥檓 5鈥?	 130lbs	 \u0026 a 32DD.	review_date"
"Its ok.	review_date"
"The material is very soft and comfortable to wear. I looks great on	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 135 lbs and the large fits me perfectly. I am very pleased with the sender	 she even went out of her way to send a message to make sure I received the product.	review_date"
"On the small side	 but definitely sexy!	review_date"
"Absolutely love this!!	review_date"
"I'm a L and I bought a 2XL assuming it would run small... still was to small!!!!The piece is super cute BUT the body of the suit wasn't as close knit as I thought	 was hoping for almost a mesh and it came out with a huge fishnet pattern... other than that VERY cute	review_date"
"This is so so cute! The material is very soft and stretchy	 and the size is accurate! I thought that the band around the waist would be tight but it's actully very stretchy and smooth	 I'd say its definitely worth the price!!!	review_date"
"I loved it!!!! It is such a sexy piece. I felt empowered in my sensuality wearing this gorgeous piece. Not to mention	 my husband loved it too	review_date"
"I had some skepticism considering how inexpensive this was	 but it鈥檚 actually quite nice! Soft and silky and hugs all the right areas. Defiantly something that can snag easily though!	review_date"
"I purchased a size Large after reading the size charts. I am normally a size 2/4 in clothing and wear a 34C. This fit well and I like that it as a hook and eye closure in the back of the bra area. It鈥檚 is very comfortable and looks sexy!	review_date"
"Really great piece	 nice fabric	 looks expensive.	review_date"
"Was impressed with the quality the only complaints I have was that the top part was really small for being an extra large my chest wasn鈥檛 fully covered and there was a small tear by the silk part of it. Other than that it was a good buy.	review_date"
"I really wanted to give it 5 stars because it鈥檚 comfortable and honestly the best piece I鈥檝e lingerie I鈥檝e ever bought. The top is a little small so if your too heavy I wouldn鈥檛 suggest it. I鈥檓 plus size very bodacious with a little tummy and small boobs and it fits amazingly. I paired it with a lace robe I had also purchased from amazon and it was perfect!	review_date"
"Great lingerie	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and i weight 130	 I bought a large because of the comments but a medium would have been better. The large was slightly too big. Besides that it looks great and my husband love it on me!	review_date"
"Im 5鈥?鈥欌€?and 130lbs. The medium fit amazing and it looked great! Highly recommended!	review_date"
"This product is quite comfortable and very sexy	 it is a little tight on the hips. But for this price you really can't beat it	review_date"
"So sexy! I have a long torso and this was perfect for my body. My husband almost passed out. Definitely ordering in more colors.	review_date"
"Great quality.	review_date"
"Great Material	 Perfect Color	 \u0026 Exact Match To Picture. Although I Did Notice Some Holes.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy... get it!	review_date"
"Super comfy and cute! But big titty girls beware	 there鈥檚 not much support. With the right amount of adjusting it鈥檒l work tho	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 fun and flirty	review_date"
"So sexy	 the quality was amazing	review_date"
"5鈥?5鈥?117 pounds D cup and Medium fit great! Material is very cheap though. Probably won鈥檛 be able to wear it more than three times. Good price	review_date"
"Simply beautiful and sexy	review_date"
"Definitely recommend sizing up in this strictly for length. I have a longer torso	 usually wear L/XL and the XL rides up so high on me. Overall quality is good though and the width fits well for me but it wasn鈥檛 cut the way I expected.	review_date"
"breasts absolutely don't fit but its very cute if i wear some sort of bra	review_date"
"I鈥檓 super tall (5鈥?) and almost never fit body suits or one pieces in the length. Surprisingly this fit awesome!! I think I got an XL?	review_date"
"I wear a size 16	 38DD bra and got a 2XL the breast were very small on it. Would be perfect if I had little breast.	review_date"
"I love love love this piece ! It鈥檚 a nice stretchy material and it doesn鈥檛 feel cheap and rough. It鈥檚 actually really comfortable. I ordered a 2x and I鈥檓 5 ft and 5 inches and 193 lbs. I wear a 38 DD bra . Hope that helps with sizing.	review_date"
"I'm 5'10 and weigh 160 lbs	 I ordered a large and the lingerie fit perfectly! I'm very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Arrived damaged.	review_date"
"I like that the back of the lingerie one piece has what bras have to make the bra tighter or looser. It fit perfectly and looked great. I got a medium	 my waist is \26	 hips \""36	 and chest is C34.  Looks exactly like the picture.""	review_date"
"Great fit honestly	 there isn鈥檛 much boob coverage	 but enough to make it sexy	 it鈥檚 the first piece of lingerie I鈥檝e had it makes me feel great	 anything I think is wrong with it is usually just my own insecurities. I got an XL and I鈥檓 a 38B 200lbs	review_date"
"Beautiful color and awesome fit	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! Fits great and looks expensive. I wear a size M in most stuff but ordered a L as lingerie tends to run smaller.	review_date"
"Ordered twice both times came ripped. Didn鈥檛 return second time but should have	review_date"
"Cute. Read the size chart and you鈥檒l be good to go.Can鈥檛 beat the price	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Got it XL. I am 5\2 and weigh 195 lb.""	review_date"
"This product was very soft and felt amazing on. The breast area was very small (but I mean it鈥檚 lingerie so it鈥檚 fine) and the first time I put it on	 the netting ripped. It all worked out fine but because it ripped so early	 I felt I had to be careful. Other than that	 it was great.	review_date"
"For the price	 it looks well made and fits great! I always go by the sizing chart provided by the seller and have had good luck with fit in doing so. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great	review_date"
"I am a size 12 with a 36DD chest so I got the XL but the chest barely covered anything comfortably. The rest of the suit fit really well and it looked cute nonetheless.	review_date"
"Followed the advice of other reviewers and went up a size. Purchased the medium. I鈥檓 115lbs 5鈥?鈥?and it fit amazing!	review_date"
"Perfect for her!	review_date"
"Sexy and fun	review_date"
"I was pretty disappointed in the shipping time. It told me it was going to arrive Feb 23rd. Came on March 1st.I got a medium. The bottom part was a little loose on my butt. And my poops were popping out.  Hopefully my boobs shrink.. and it'll fit nicely	review_date"
"Not for people with a short torso	review_date"
"This was def a hit!! I wore this for New Years Eve for a romantic night! I definitely got great feedback from my SO.I sized up but the fit was still great	review_date"
"The quality isn鈥檛 all that good lol but I still love it *shrugs*	review_date"
"I sized up because of the reviews that said this would run small. So so cute!!!	review_date"
"YES. BUY THIS LINGERIE. This material is so soft and well made and it fit perfectly! The ribbon is silky	 and I felt gorgeous wearing it. I'm buying it in two more colors! I would definitely recommend  sizing up and following the size chart. It's perfect!	review_date"
"Beautiful. I am extremely happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"didnt fit well	review_date"
"This is a little confusing to get on at first but it鈥檚 super sexy!! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 320lbs and it looked great on me!	review_date"
"I will not be wearing this item for any partners	 it is much too small even though I went two sizes above my regular size in hopes that it wouldn鈥檛 be so tight. Also not made for taller women	 I am 5鈥?0 and it barely reaches above my hips.	review_date"
"It is SOOOO soft!!!! Amazing material!!!!!	review_date"
"Great for the price!	review_date"
"Product came packaged clean with tags on it	 no smell and no rips. It fit as expected. I would order from this supplier again different styles and colors	review_date"
"Cute	 but arrived with a hole in he middle .	review_date"
"It was definitely what I expected. It is a flattering fit and got the reaction I was wanting. It came with a hole in it	 but it was cheap so it wasn't that big of a deal. It isn't high quality	 so I wouldn't plan on it lasting a while. It is really cute	 though.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Loves this. I am 5鈥?鈥?150 lbs 34C	  thick thights and butt and the large fit perfect. Wore the peachy one for a bridal boudoir session. It looks amazing with my champagne veil. Love love love.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? about 160is got a medium looked really small at first but wean I put it on it fit perfectly	review_date"
"Not Victoria Secret by any means... but for the price	 not bad either.  If you鈥檙e large chested	 do not expect any kind of support.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 glad I read the reviews before I purchased. I ordered a large and it fit comfortably. I am 5	4鈥? 120 lbs and a 32D. I love that it came in a cute little bag. Pretty well constructed!	review_date"
"I love it!!!!!!! The material is amazing for the price.I am going to order the blue and red ones	 as well. I paired this with the black Dandychic Women's Kimono Robes Pagoda Print Kimono. It provided such a lush experience.	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Material is good	 this piece is definitely worth buying but is a little small on me and I'm about 120lbs and 5ft tall. Wish I would of got a medium. I suggest to others buying the next size up from what you original size is.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this teddy! Very comfortable and fits perfectly! The material is great!!	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it!! Sexy	 Comfortable good quality.	review_date"
"Super hot!!!	review_date"
"Nice product	review_date"
"Size is very adjustable. Nipple covers as I will call them are quite small but sexy	 so I actually kinda like them. Overall very cute makes me feel very cute and sexy.	review_date"
"It is embarrassingly small. The torso is so short that I have to hunch over like Quasimodo	 which is not a good look for me.	review_date"
"Bought this for my honeymoon. Very delicate	 great material and OH SO CUTE!! I am 5'5\ 150 lbs and between a C \u0026 D cup	 the XL fit perfectly.""	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"The fit was great I should have ordered one size down.	review_date"
"Looked even better than expected! Material stretches which is great because my weight is always up \u0026 down im 140 right now \u0026 got size medium	review_date"
"Fits great!! Very pleased with purchase!	review_date"
"Super soft and comfy!! The way the lace and mesh alternate is super flattering too	 and the adjustable straps are really nice!!	review_date"
"The picture makes it seem as if this is red and white or beige lace. But it鈥檚 not. It鈥檚 all flimsy red lace with the 鈥渨hite/beige鈥?part just being see-through. It looks trashy.	review_date"
"I was so disappointed with this product! The fishnet was torn and some seams were already unraveling before I even got to try it on. Also I鈥檓 a petite woman and it was fitted for someone with a longer torso.	review_date"
"Super comfy \u0026 sexy!	review_date"
"Honesty looking at the reviews for this I was expecting it to be good but not great. But it's amazing! It fits like a dream and it enhances your natural curves. I'd give it a solid 9 out of 10.	review_date"
"It was perfect I love it so muc!!!	review_date"
"Great fit.  Super cute	review_date"
"Was expecting white ingthe mesh area but it鈥檚 a solid red. Also	 fits small	review_date"
"Pretty small in the boob area	 got some serious side boob but I kind of expected that going in. Otherwise pretty good quality and its super cute	review_date"
"Love love love !!! I have the blue and red one !!! Want it in every color	review_date"
"It fits well over my butt which is a size 14 in us woman鈥檚 but if your boobs are larger than a B cup they won鈥檛 fit. I was spilling out and it doesn鈥檛 look right.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy	 great for our honeymoon!	review_date"
"Purchased for Valentines. Excellent product. Delivered on time.	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"this is so sexy! it fits amazing and the lace is soft	 stretchy and comfortable. it鈥檚 awesome quality for the price. you won鈥檛 be disappointed!!	review_date"
"Super soft material	 easy to put on and feels great on the skin. I am 5'2	 110lbs	 and ordered meduim	 fits me perfect.	review_date"
"This outfit is so sexy on!!! Can't wait until Valentine's day!	review_date"
"I already have this in red and once I saw they had this color blue I knew i had to have it. It comes just as described and is comfy! Totally recommend.	review_date"
"Super cute color and fit very well. I'm 5'2 with a long torso and it was a little long. I ordered the medium in the pink color. And my man was beyond obsessed.	review_date"
"This was perfect! Hid everybody imperfection and made me feel sexy! Will be ordering in other colors.	review_date"
"Not the most comfortable	 it runs a bit small	 so don鈥檛 wear it if you鈥檙e bloated at all	review_date"
"馃馃徏	review_date"
"trying to send back! Runs really small	review_date"
"Very sexy! Lovely color! Great quality!!! Will buy again!!!	review_date"
"I am so impressed with this item. It fits amazingly very comfortable	 hugs your body in the right places	 and the fabric is very light weight and stretchy. I鈥檓 5鈥? 115 pounds 36C fits like a glove. I ordered a medium.	review_date"
"Gorgeous and well made love this company	review_date"
"Fits like a glove! Buying more colors. I am 4'10 with a 34DD bust. Small torso. Looking at it initially	 I thought it wouldn't fit. But	 it's perfect. Thank you!	review_date"
"I'm 5'2	 about 150 lbs and my breasts are about 36 D and this fits perfect! If it was any smaller than it would be too tight. This is absolutely a beautiful piece! I LOVE it so much	 I'm buying more colors!	review_date"
"I just received this in the mail and was skeptical whether it would fit as I am short and very petite.  I haven't had much luck finding stuff that fits my frame but I am very happy with this product. The quality of stitch work is very good.	review_date"
"My husband loves it.It's sexy and classy at the same time.Made of good quality material.If you follow their size chart it should me alright	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 think it was going to fit as soon as I received it	 but I was wrong. Very pretty	 very comfortable and soft and even better that it looks so good and flattering.	review_date"
"This was one of the cutest teddies I have ever bought!	review_date"
"Super sexy i love it	my husband loved it too and really comfortable	 stretchy and its not the scratching lace really nice.鈾♀櫋鈾♀櫋鈾?	review_date:February 8	 2018""	star"
"Buy this! Fit isn't great. Fabric is great. Felt sexy as hell in it. Totally worth it	review_date"
"Nice color fits good	review_date"
"Size wasn鈥檛 even close. I wear an 8-10 and ordered an XL	 could barely get it on. Maybe they mean children sizes?	review_date"
"I loved everything about this lingerie except it was just a little bit too small for me. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 120 and ordered a small. I鈥檓 definitely going to order another one in medium!!!!!	review_date"
"Very sexy. However	 if you have larger breast you will need to wear another bra for support. Has none and will have you ladies just hanging. It isn鈥檛 comfortable but my bf liked it.	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy. Feels great on.	review_date"
"It literally came with a strap ripped so I didn鈥檛 get to try it on but I know it would鈥檝e been way too small anyway	 especially if you have a big chest.	review_date"
"SO cute!	review_date"
"I'm giving it 4 starts because I really like the piece just the wrong size. Thought I ordered XL but recieved a S.	review_date"
"Gorgeous piece of lingerie and you cannot beat the price! Ordered a size large based on other reviews and it feel me perfectly. Definitely doesn鈥檛 feel like. $15 piece of lingerie	review_date"
"This is absolutely beautiful on! I handwashing it does to its delicate nature and its held up really well. I am 5'4\ and 145 lbs	 with a 34A bust and bought the Large. It fit perfectly.""	review_date"
"Love this fits great true to size very good quality very sexy I want to buy another one I'm 103 pounds 5'1 small fit good bra size 34b got it in black buy this you won't regret it	review_date"
"Ordered it as a gift! She loved it!	review_date"
"I love the way this fit. It鈥檚 not tight and doesn鈥檛 hug on your love handles. My husband loved the way it looked on me.	review_date"
"The breat part is too small even if u get ur bra size	review_date"
"It's so soft and so cute. It fit as expected (a little bigger actually but I ordered a size up out of fear) I'll definitely get the right size 100% the next time around. I love it.	review_date"
"Very pretty and cute material but definitely won鈥檛 fit around chest.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this!! I鈥檓 5鈥? 110lbs and I ordered a medium	 it鈥檚 perfect! It鈥檚 really soft and is great for the price. I would definitely order a size up like many of the other reviews suggest.	review_date"
"Fit nicely and came as pictured was decent quality	review_date"
"Excellent quality great fit	review_date"
"It was a brighter red than I expected. But nevertheless	 I surprised my boyfriend and wore it under my clothes. He loved it. And I feel like a wrapped present when I wear it 馃槢	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"Loved this! It was soft and stretchy. Very cute on鈥?	review_date:April 25	 2018""	star"
"I bought this a size smaller as I do all my lingerie and it fit me so perfectly. Very sexy and what I excepted for a woman like curves as myself.	review_date"
"Quality is as expected. I went a size up after reading reviews. But DO NOT buy this if you have a larger chest. The proportions just don鈥檛 allow for anything over a C cup.	review_date"
"Cute but def not a xxl as it said	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and 185 pounds. This fits me well except the boobs are a little small.	review_date"
"Very comfortable! Hugged all my curves and my boyfriend adores it on me. If you're thinking about buying it	 do it. Plus sized ladies	 don't be scared!!! Sizing is accurate	review_date"
"Very comfortable and flattering design. The lace is soft yet strong enough you know it wont rip easily.	review_date"
"It's beautiful but the too from the breast is horrible. Only covers the aereola	 even though I sized up. I'll probably have to add to it..or it just looks weird lol	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Love this piece! The fit is perfect and flattering and the bow it鈥檚 super soft and adds the perfect detail!	review_date"
"After reading other reviews	 I ordered several sizes up to hold up the girls. I love it! Soft	 stretchy lace fits good and it鈥檚 comfy. Awesome for the price	review_date"
"Love love love this! It fits like a glove and makes me feel like a Victoria Secret model! Definitely worth the purchase	 I was nervous buying from Amazon	 but great quality. Super soft!	review_date"
"Looks amazing 馃槏	review_date"
"FIT PERFECT. BEAUTIFUL. IS A BRIGHT RED. IM 5'1\. 140#""	review_date"
"So great and comfortable. Love the adjustable straps and the lace is so delicate and intricate. Very beautiful and flattering.	review_date"
"Loved the color and the fit	review_date"
"I usually buy a medium in clothes	 sized up to a large. Fit perfectly. Im 5'9 about 155	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a plus size fits my lower body nit for girls with big boobs unless u buy a lace bra to blend in with it but overall beautiful	review_date"
"Very soft. Good deal for the price!	review_date"
"This piece looks great on	 but it unfortunately stains your sheets. The dye quality is not that great	 but it works for the amount you pay.	review_date"
"So soft and pretty durable	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved this! Surprisingly comfortable for what it is!	review_date"
"Love it!! My man is really gonna love to see me in this馃槏馃槏馃榾	review_date"
"I need to buy all of these! On a college budget it is such an amazing value	 this would easily be $90 at Victoria Secret. I loved the adjustable straps. The one piece is so comfy!	review_date"
"Beautiful garment. I usually wear an xl but ordered a 3xl. The piece fit perfectly however the cups were way too small (I am a ddd) if you are somewhere in the c cup range you should be fine	review_date"
"Too small on me. Im 5'1 155 and got my normal size of M	review_date"
"A little tight in the middle where it ties. Was tight without having to tie it!	review_date"
"Fit perfect and good quality!	review_date"
"Looks and feels nice. Usually lace breaks me out but this is soft! It鈥檚 a little small in the front down stairs but it鈥檚 okay 	 seeing as what this is used for 馃槈	review_date"
"I got this last week and think it is super cute. The only thing was that the bottom is more of a thing than cheeky on me but I do have a large butt.	review_date"
"I got a Large \u0026 it fit perfectly! It's very pretty. I bought in pink \u0026 red. I'm wear 34A/32B bra	 size 8 pants	 SM-MED tops.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this outfit! Fits perfect and is so cute!	review_date"
"Lace by breast came torn. Material feels SUPER cheap as if you鈥檙e too rough and it鈥檒l rip. Good for fast cheap lingerie.	review_date"
"Loved it! It's very flattering and I'm definitely buying more colors. Boyfriend loved it too.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautifu and sexy. I would recommend getting one size up. I normally wear a large but I got an XL and it fit perfectly	review_date"
"looks and feels very nice	 not cheap	review_date"
"I'm a size 18 and ordered the XXL. other than the crotch being a bit long everything fit wonderfully. This is something easily fixable	 especially for the price. Great product!	review_date"
"I love this! 5'4' 170lbs bought a large. Fits perfectly. Looks good on curvy shapes.	review_date"
"This product was perfect	 it is so flattering	 the color in real life matched perfectly to the picture	 and the size chart was accurate. It was delivered quickly. I am very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"I just tried my items on after receiving and I absolutely love them! I am very petite	 5鈥? 112 lbs	 and the small fits me perfectly!	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured I ordered a size up and it fit great	review_date"
"It was the exact same thing as the picture. Same color same design everything was the same.	review_date"
"Love it. I did size up. I'm usually a L	 sometimes XL but I got a 2X and it fits amazingly. Really beautiful and flattering on all body types	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Good buy	review_date"
"Fits how I thought it would and on top of that the lace is surprisingly super soft and beautiful!! My boyfriend will love it for Valentines day!!	review_date"
"Cute	 feels nice on	 but I ordered an XL and received a medium.. fits but would have been nice to maybe receive a large by accident.. oh well guess it鈥檚 my new motivation lol	review_date"
"I love this!  It is super sexy.  I can鈥檛 wait to wear it for my husband for Valentine鈥檚 Day!  I feel super sexy in it.  I ordered one size up and it鈥檚 perfect.	review_date"
"Very pretty color but it didn鈥檛 fit my boobs. I ordered the one in pink same size and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Definitely size up	 but this is one of my favorite pieces! It looks great and is an excellent quality. My boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"If it鈥檚 good it鈥檚 super soft and comfortable the only problem was it didn鈥檛 fit my boobs like I鈥檇 hoped	review_date"
"Very comfortable. My bf loves it. It鈥檚 form fitting but stretchy enough in case you get a lil bloated. I love it too	review_date"
"I liked the quality and the fit of it but it shrinks horribly even though I hand washed it so just keep in mind it鈥檚 more of a one time use thing. Also go up a size if you鈥檙e tall.	review_date"
"Based on another review I got the xxl. Big regret. Literally feel like this will slice me in half from bottom up! I should have went to lions den	 it wouldn't have been such a waste of money.	review_date"
"Overall	 this is exactly what you get and I鈥檓 not mad about it! However	 if you have large boobs	 wouldn鈥檛 recommend for wearing more than like 2 min	 haha but it鈥檚 cute!!!!	review_date"
"This is lovely ! The blue color is so pretty \u0026 the ribbon is adorable . Doesn't feel flimsy and doesnt cut in uncomfortably . Definitely size up .	review_date"
"Uncomfortable as hell but damn do I look good.	review_date"
"Fits great.	review_date"
"It is seriously sooo beautiful! I bought for a boudoir shoot for my husband \u0026 it turned out perfectly 馃槉	review_date"
"In 5鈥? about 240 pounds I usually wear and xl but I ordered a 2x because of the reviews and it fits just right. My boobs are a little on the heavy side but they don鈥檛 pop out so it鈥檒l work	review_date"
"Love the way the bodice looks	 however	 if you're busty	 I would suggest sizing up as you can tie tighter if need be	review_date"
"Does run a lil small especially if ur a thicker tall girl like me	review_date"
"The material is nice	 theres no fraying. I did order a size up to be on the safe side and it fit perfectly. I love how it looks	 may buy in another color in the future.	review_date"
"Husband loved it! Ordered the black. Sizing does run small so order a size of two up from normal.	review_date"
"Got one in the xl and xxl. Both were the same size. And looked more like a size m.	review_date"
"I ordered the red one for Christmas Eve. It is very high end material and feels good really good. I will definitely order more colors馃槂	review_date"
"Great quality! Nice fit	 true to size. Getting my lingerie gifts for showers from these guys!	review_date"
"Hugs covers right	review_date"
"Definitely order up 2 sizes then you would normally wear. So dissapointed this did not fit	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 happy with this purchase	review_date"
"Bien lindo.	review_date"
"This item is very flattering. I鈥檓 a curvy body type and feel very comfortable in this. I took a previous reviewers advice and sized up. It鈥檚 perfect!	review_date"
"Size fits true just not for the ones with boobs! Fit perfectly throughout but only enough fabric to cover nipple	 boob didn't even come close to fitting in where it was supposed to go	review_date"
"I have big hip rolls	 but it did it鈥檚 job! My man loved it! Definetely good for curvy girls!	review_date"
"A little small but otherwise good :)	review_date"
"I have dd breast and the xl was like a b cup. I  will be returning it. Sorry	review_date"
"Looks very elegant good quality	review_date"
"A little small but beautiful	review_date"
"5'0\ 130lbs 34D bra size	  got a medium.  Fits well.  The purple is beautiful! Thank you""	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Ribbon is a totally different color.  Not a huge fan of the fit.  I would try a darker color just to be safe.  The pink ribbon is a bit off in color	review_date"
"Super cute! I鈥檓 a big girl and it was very flattering for me. Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. Feels great.	review_date"
"I love it. Usually don鈥檛 have good luck with lingerie	 but it made me feel so thin haha deff recommend. I鈥檓 4.11 and about 115 and the medium was a good fit.	review_date"
"I went up a size because of my larger bust  size and fits great \u0026 feels great. Bought a black one too.	review_date"
"Loved this! I am glad I got it	 I have an athletic built	 big butt and small boobs so it's hard to find things that fit correctly. The medium was perfect. I got it in red.	review_date"
"Amazing fit and it came with an additional bra extender. Its very stretchy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Very cute and came in time my porportions are weird I ordered a XXL it fit kinda small on my chest but good on my hips definitely recommend measuring yourself first then ordering	review_date"
"This fit absolutely wonderfully! I am 5鈥? 1/2 and a size small bust size 34c and underwear size medium. I ordered a size small and it fits just fine. I would recommend this to anyone who wants to get saucy!!	review_date"
"Im a 34b	 158lbs at 5'5\ and it fits great! I love it 馃槉""	review_date"
"I love this! It looks just like the picture and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"I was very surprised by the quality of this garnet. For the price you cannot beat it! It fit very well! For reference I am 220	 5鈥?	 40 DDD and ordered an XXL	review_date"
"This lingerie set it gorgeous	 I sorta winged it on the sizing. I'm usually a medium and ordered a large	 the color is fantastic. I highly recommend!!	review_date"
"Fit well and will be perfect for my next burlesque routine	review_date"
"Fits great!!! Love it!	review_date"
"Beautiful  1 piece. . MATERIAL OK..	review_date"
"The product was everything I expected it to be. The size is perfect and the color is stunning! I will be ordering from this company again.	review_date"
"This was very small and kinda awkwardly sewn.	review_date"
"I am a size 6 and I鈥檓 5鈥?. I ordered a large and it fits great in regards to the body. I wear a 36 DD and there is no way the cups hold everything. If you are bigger chested	 beware.	review_date"
"I love this and its great quality	review_date"
"Fit as size guide stated. Didnt feel it was a cheap piece. Beautiful	review_date"
"Hands down the sexiest and comfiest peice of lingerie I own... I have at least 20 different sets so I will definitely be ordering more!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful. Large was just slightly too loose for me	 I鈥檓 5 ft 4	 138 lbs. Bra 36 C	review_date"
"I love it! Super sexy and fun!	review_date"
"Love it! Super cute.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 as pictured	 and fit great! (I ordered my regular clothing size which is a large)	review_date"
"The material was great	 had a little stretch but held everything in the way you need it to! I am a D cup and size 6 pants	 5'1	 the large fit great.	review_date"
"This piece is awesome	 fit and looked just right	 and my husband loved the hell out of it for the very brief time it stayed on lol.	review_date"
"Top heavy woman here! Genuinely liked this piece until it had to go into my 34F boobs	 and a bit snug around the thighs. Just did not work. Beautiful color however.	review_date"
"Came right on time in a nice package	 discreet and fit perfectly! I loved it and definitely with shop with them again.	review_date"
"fits true to size. Fabric is pretty good quality for the price. I鈥檓 happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Fits perfect	 good quality and looks great! My husband LOveS it!	review_date"
"You get what you pay for. Definitely smaller then I expected. A few holes near seams.	review_date"
"It was a great sucess with my fianc茅!! I loved the material and how it fit!	review_date"
"I bought this for my daughter for her bridal shower	 she loves it. I thought that the picture does not due it justice.	review_date"
"this was super cute and a great buy for the price. I recommend going a size or two up. I am 5'6 and 130 lbs. I got a size large even though I am normally a small/medium.	review_date"
"Sooo pretty. Fits perfect. A little itchy	review_date"
"He told me thank you 馃檹馃徑	review_date"
"If you have anything more than an A cup	 this won鈥檛 fit. Even if you size up like I did... sucks because it鈥檚 actually really cute.	review_date"
"Beautiful suit but def runs a little small. I鈥檓 150lbs and got an XL(from other reviewers) and fits like a medium	review_date"
"I love how this fits very nicely	 makes me look and feel great. I also love the quality	 very soft.	review_date"
"Very flattering and will make anyone feel sexy.	review_date"
"I wear 14-16 in women鈥檚 clothing 36DD bust and the 3X fit me perfectly. Definitely suggest going up a size or two but this one fit just right.	review_date"
"Literally so comfortable. As soon as I got it my boyfriend couldn't keep his hands off my. Totally worth it.	review_date"
"no complaint	review_date"
"Its very soft and and fits ok. I got a medium but I'm a little think in the rear so its cuts a little at the inner thigh.	review_date"
"I love love love this lingerie piece	 I was very skeptical because of size and hoping it wasn鈥檛 a hit or miss kind of thing	 but it worked out perfectly.	review_date"
"Like them so much	review_date"
"It was super cute! Unfortunately the torso is a bit short. I'm 125 lbs	 and 5'1	 ordered a large just to be safe but it didn't hold me in the way I was hoping. Great buy for someone else though!	review_date"
"Loved it! Perfect fit... got a large... so soft.... the smell of the packaging is off putting but nothing a wash can鈥檛 fix!	review_date"
"It fits everywhere but in the chest which is kinda annoying. You鈥檇 expect there to be more fabric to cover you relative to the size.	review_date"
"Measure before you buy. I purchased an XXL and it fits perfect. I'm usually a medium to large.	review_date"
"love the fit and very well maid	review_date"
"Cute but not exactly as pictured	 still cute tho.	review_date"
"I love the materials on this and the little lingerie bag that it came in was perfect! My girlfriends are now wanting to buy this.	review_date"
"Im 5'4\ and 160 with a 36c bust and the xl fits perfectly. I have to tighten the straps a little but works. Quality is good- just be gentle with it i would only hand wash""	review_date"
"Love this piece. Comfortable. Does run small like the reviews said so I鈥檓 a small and I got a medium. He loved it too. Very sexy and pretty.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 short and not even that fat and this 3x is a joke. I ordered a size up and it was still unbelievably way too small. Thanks a lot.	review_date"
"I usually wear a medium but have a bigger bust so I ordered a large. Fits good... still a bit small on the chest but its lingerie... lol.	review_date"
"I bought it for a friends lingerie party. She is 5鈥?3 and usually wears smalls and medium shirts. She said it fit her great	review_date"
"soo sexy under some high waisted jeans	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"This product was exactly what I expected and I love it! Nice material	 super cute nd I cant wait to wear it for my hubby for v-day!	review_date"
"Loved this item so much!	review_date"
"Soft stretchy material however the torso is shorter than expected	review_date"
"I am 5'10	 150 pounds and I usually wear a size 8-10. It fit perfectly except that it is a little big in the hips.	review_date"
"Good fit but If you are top heavy you鈥檒l have to wear a bra	review_date"
"Love this! So flattering especially around my curves. Boyfriend also liked your ALOT!	review_date"
"Super super sexy fits well and flatters a thicker body type	review_date"
"I liked it	review_date"
"Super sexy and surprisingly decent quality for the price	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\/220lbs	 hourglass shaped	 and the XXXL fit me perfectly!""	review_date"
"Cute but came ripped	review_date"
"Let鈥檚 just say the hubby loves it	review_date"
"Made for women with tiny chest	review_date"
"Fits a little snug	 but looks great on!	review_date"
"I liked the color and it fit everywhere but my breast so if you have big breast do not get this	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love. Buy it. You won鈥檛 regret it. I am 160 pounds and 5鈥?. I got a medium and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?115 pounds. 32B	 23鈥?waist	 37鈥?widest part of hips. A medium fit me well! There鈥檚 a lot of stretch and the waist is easily adjustable.	review_date"
"Fit everywhere except breast area	review_date"
"Product sizing is too small in bust area	review_date"
"It is just as beautiful as in the pictures. I'm really in love with this lingerie	review_date"
"This is such a pretty piece and it fit extremely well! I feel great in it and my husband went crazy for it.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually a size M but got it XL because it does run small. Fits very nice and material is good and color as it shows on the picture.	review_date"
"I loved it!! It fits perfectly !!! I had my doubts of buying this but it was really worth it	review_date"
"Such a fun and flirty piece!! The bow in the back is so adorable!	review_date"
"Fit well but cups were too small	review_date"
"Love the color \u0026 satin sash	 bust area a lit鈥檒 tight	review_date"
"fit great	 but damaged when first received. However they were so kind and reached out immediately	 and offered a refund or exchange	 I am so pleased with their service!	review_date"
"Great product exactly as advertised	review_date"
"This teddy fit like a glove. The material is stretchy and soft. I bought the red and now I鈥檓 buying the purple. Love it!	review_date"
"I was a little nervous to buy a garment like this without trying it on first	 but it fit exactly how I thought it would!	review_date"
"This is a cute piece made of soft material. I love it! I am 5鈥?鈥?and 150ish pounds and I ordered a large.	review_date"
"The material is super comfortable and super sexy. The color is vibrant	 but the material does not cover the whole breast.	review_date"
"Ordered a XXL accidentally but I'm 5'4 160 pounds	 I'm very pleased with quality and material it fits almost perfect. I will be ordering more colors XL would probably tighter.	review_date"
"Very sexy! My husband loved it! I wear a size small and it fit a expected! Will order from them again!	review_date"
"so cute and so flattering! I'm a 4/6 and I ordered a small and it's perfect.	review_date"
"Fit as expected!!! Perfect for someone to hide imperfections. 馃槉 still sexy!	review_date"
"After reading the previous reviews I ordered a size up. The material was so beautiful	 the lace compliments the body.	review_date"
"Item was broken when I got it. The plastic on BOTH of the pieces I ordered were broken. So upset!	review_date"
"Cute and very nice for the price!  Am a size 10 and had to get extra large	 but it fits well.  Will probably buy another one!	review_date"
"Fits good!	review_date"
"GREAT material	 great fit	 great look. all of it was just perfect.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"The quality was better than I thought it would be for the price. I purchased it for my wife. She loved it.......so did I.	review_date"
"The cups just didn鈥檛 feel right.. not for busty girls. The rest fit great	review_date"
"Amazing and very very very sexy like it gave me so much confidence And love it now I want every color	review_date"
"I am a size 6 and usually order a medium. However	 the Large is perfect!	review_date"
"I'm 5'5	 165 lbs	 I am a 36d and I ordered a medium and it fits amazing I am so happy!	review_date"
"The product is a great fit I ordered a 2xl and I wear a size 14/16 in pants and I am 5'4 180lbs very sexy lingerie	review_date"
"Very comfortable and made me look great!	review_date"
"Soft material	 feels really nice! I was surprised at the first quality for the price.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 170 Lbs and I ordered XXL. It鈥檚 so comfortable and looks so fancy! Super happy with my purchase	review_date"
"Super soft and comfortable. My husband lived it too	review_date"
"Usually a 16/1x. Ordered a 2x and it was still too small! Had to return.	review_date"
"Super beautiful and sexy. Lois good under a sweater or in the bedroom 馃檲馃拫	review_date"
"A little on the small side	 but in a flattering way. It's beautiful and sexy!	review_date"
"absolutely loved this! great product and fits perfect. got a small-I am 5'5 and 130 pounds! would deff buy again	review_date"
"The straps broke	review_date"
"Everywhere fits except the chest. I would say the body fits like a medium with some stretch but the chest is like a small. I can barely fit my C cup chest into it 馃槱	review_date"
"Super cute fits odd	review_date"
"Super cute on my boyfriend loved it 馃槏	review_date"
"I loved the way it fits and it is so appealing when you put it on i ordered a medium and I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125 pounds	review_date"
"Good item. Fits well and comfortable.	review_date"
"Perfect fit!!. Perfect Price!! Thank you	review_date"
"Fit ok. The top part that holds your chest was a little small but my husband had no complaints. I got a medium so if your chest is full go up one size.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured	 really soft and comfortable - except in the chest area for me at least (38DD) got a size XL and maybe I should have gone up two sizes ..	review_date"
"Great inexpensive fits great	review_date"
"I really love this product. I got it for a fun surprise for my boyfriend and he loved it too!	review_date"
"It came on time but the 3x was actually a xs. It didn鈥檛 even for my friend who鈥檚 a medium!!!!	review_date"
"Fit very well.	review_date"
"I sized up twice of course.  I have this in 3 colors because I love it so much.	review_date"
"Really great quality and fits perfect if you have a smaller chest	review_date"
"Good quality! I ordered a large and it was a tiny bit too loose because it has some stretch to it	review_date"
"Fit perfect! Will be ordering in more colors. Cannot wait to wear this on Valentine's Day.	review_date"
"Very nice and well made.	review_date"
"Size 12/14 in pants / 36b chest / 5鈥?鈥?and xxl fit perfect Bc it does run a little small so more like xl	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"SO CUTE and it fits PERFECT! I鈥檓 5鈥?0	 215lbs	 size 14/16	 bra size 36D and this fits me perfect! LOVE IT!!!!!	review_date"
"I loved this piece. It fit beautifully. Very sexy.  My 馃崋 friend Loved it!!	review_date"
"great fit. helped spice up the romance.	review_date"
"Seems like good material	 runs a little small though. Sexy!	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 really like the way it fit. If you are a large chested women this is not a good choice.	review_date"
"Gorgeous. One of my favorites. It fits very well and isn't super tight or super loose.	review_date"
"This product is great and exceeded my expectations expecially for it only being 12 dollars. If your worried about how it fits just measure yourself and look at the sizing chart.	review_date"
"Received right away	 fits perfect and is beyond adorable!  Love it \u0026 am going to order other colors!	review_date"
"Super soft material	review_date"
"Super sexy and flattering for any body type!	review_date"
"Even tho I tighten the bra stings for the cups	 my boobs spill out which it鈥檚 not a big deal. 10/10	review_date"
"Somewhat small but in all the right ways. Love the way it fits.	review_date"
"I ordered a large and the breasts barely covered but the rest fit well.	review_date"
"Loves this	review_date"
"It's super sexy. Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Looks great jus small for the breast part	review_date"
"This was beyond expectations! Exactly as pictured with very soft stretchy fabric	review_date"
"It was ok. It fits. The fabric is a little itchy but it's nice overall. I got a size up I got an xxl.	review_date"
"Omgggggg this fit so perfect I didn鈥檛 expect it to fit the way it did.  I鈥檓 so amazed by this	review_date"
"The size runs small. Does not accommodate top heavy women as a normal extra large would.	review_date"
"Definitely would buy again! Fits perfectly	 great material 馃憤	review_date"
"fits nicely	 very pretty. would def order again	review_date"
"Im 5'3 and 112lb and 32DD - the small fit perfect!! Love it.	review_date"
Material and color is very nice.  I鈥檓 on the petite side
"Top for breasts too small	review_date"
"My beautiful wife love it and so did I	review_date"
"Looked STUNNING!!!! The right fit makes you absolutely irresistible !!!	review_date"
"Quality is surprisingly great!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 petite with small boobs and is always hard to find the right lingerie this fits perfect ! In love	review_date"
"Exactly as I expected	 fits great! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?150lbs and a Medium fit perfect. Love it	review_date"
"Loved it . I鈥檓 5鈥? 160 small stomach big butt medium boobies. The color was perfect.	review_date"
"Loved it. Great material. Super cute. Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Nice color fits well. He loved it!	review_date"
"A little small but I didn't mind. Didn't stay on long enough to matter.	review_date"
"Way too small.	review_date"
"Muy lindo	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Soft material. Size runs small. My garment arrived with a huge rip and I don鈥檛 have time to return it and get another in time for Valentine鈥檚 Day.	review_date"
"I loved it! very soft and sexy	 thinking of ordering another in a different color.	review_date"
"Fits too big in some areas n test easily	review_date"
"Fits accordingly and is very flattering	 very tempted too buy the black one as well	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 arrived in a reasonable time manner	 super cute!	review_date"
"This was great! I ordered the small and it fit perfectly. Great price	 my boyfriend loved it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a nice material and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap. Only issue is it felt a little big at the bottom but too big in the boob section.	review_date"
"I just love it looks great on me and makes me feel so confident!!	review_date"
"Beautiful!!	review_date"
"I love it !	review_date"
"This piece is awesome! I love it.... It looks just like the picture	review_date"
"Extremely cute and sexy.	review_date"
"I didn't like the way it feels on me	review_date"
"Super cute and my boyfriend loved it	review_date"
"I really like the way this piece fits my booty and is very sexy. It's one of my favorites	review_date"
"Delivery was quick. Its very cute. The strap was broken when i got it though. Little plastic ring that held it together	review_date"
"Love it! So comfortable	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 super cute and comfortable. You can wear it just by itself or under a tank top.	review_date"
"Bought this for a friend for her bachelorette and fits a little too small but she loves it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very cute but it fits really small. Especially if you are bigger chested. But hey it still does it鈥檚 job 馃槈 cute either way.	review_date"
"Was just a little too small	 I'm 5ft 105 lbs size D usually wear xs	review_date"
"The cups were too small for an xl	review_date"
"Received this and it looks absolutely NOTHING like pictured. Ordered a large but is more like a small. Would not buy again.	review_date"
"I disliked the fact that it鈥檚 loose around the butt	 wish it was more fitted to the body	review_date"
"It looks very pretty. I loved it	review_date"
"this is the most comfortable lingerie i own	 its stretchy and flattering. i will be buying more from this brand	review_date"
"so cute!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it	review_date"
"I LOVE this. Super sexy! My man loved it too!	review_date"
"Wore this for my boudoir photoshoot and it is so flattering!! Love love love this!!!	review_date"
"The quality of this is good	 I love it. I wear a 34DDD and ordered a 2xl	review_date"
"Product was in perfect shape when it arrived	review_date"
"It's a good fit.	review_date"
"I love at the Waist you can tie it and it make your waist looks smaller	review_date"
"So comfortable and gorgeous. Great quality.	review_date"
"Amazing quality! Will be buying in alllll colors!!!!	review_date"
"Fits great! Looks great! My husband is going to LOVE!!	review_date"
"Not too bad a fit.  I don't fill it out appropriately	 but it works.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and around 147 pounds and I got a large. It fits perfectly	review_date"
"Runs a little small but is really stretchy and the straps are adjustable making it easy to fit if you do order a smaller size	review_date"
"Gorgeous but the beige is 100% peachy pink 馃槕	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"lovedddddddd it!!!! fit so perfect and looked great!	review_date"
"LOVE THE PRODUCT	review_date"
"So so pretty! I love it馃槏	review_date"
"Not plus size flattering and not comfortable	 wouldn't recommend.	review_date"
"this is a really nice piece of lingere babey!	review_date"
"It really isn鈥檛 flattering and I wouldn鈥檛 reccommend you buy this	review_date"
"hot and great quality!!	review_date"
"I love it and will be ordering again 鈽猴笍鈽猴笍鈽猴笍馃馃馃	review_date"
"The breast cups were waaaay too small to be a 2x.	review_date"
"Great material \u0026 size	review_date"
"Super comfy and flattering! The adjustable straps help a ton.	review_date"
"Love love love it!Sexy	 fit perfect	  beautiful color.	review_date"
"I loved it! It worked really well and my boyfriend LOVED it!	review_date"
"My bf loved it	review_date"
"Pretty nice quality material! Comfy and sexy!	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"This is a very flattering piece of lingerie and is made of good material	review_date"
"Got a large	  not meant for busty women	review_date"
"Me encanto.con gusto ordensria.otros colores	review_date"
"I loved the material very stretchy	review_date"
"I really like this piece for the price. Fits well.	review_date"
"Im 5'3 240lbs and very bottom heavy... Fit like a glove	review_date"
"Way better than expected! Size up	review_date"
"Lovely!	review_date"
"realmente lindo y de Buena calidad.El precio excelente lo recomiendo	review_date"
"I love it. It really sexy but the breast area is too small.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly!	review_date"
"This is not for women with large boobs!	review_date"
"Loved the smoothness of the material and the price was reasonable.	review_date"
"Loved it!!	review_date"
"Good quality and perfect fit	review_date"
"My item arrived with a huge whole in the front	review_date"
"I would definitely get a size up	 but great material. And worth the buy!	review_date"
"Love it	 super cute and fast delivery	review_date"
"Perfect it hugs my body beautifully \u0026 looks exactly like the picture \u0026 great price for such a cute piece	review_date"
"Too small and didn.t look beatiful	review_date"
"Good quality. Felt sexy	review_date"
"Good material \u0026 super pretty...but if you have large breast it doesn鈥檛 hold them up very good.	review_date"
"absolutely loved it!	review_date"
"The lingerie fit perfect.	review_date"
"I like that it fits my wife perfect and she also loves it too	review_date"
"Fit perfectly!! I ordered the peachy pink color	review_date"
"Perfect fit and absolutely beautiful!	review_date"
"GF likes it	review_date"
"I LOVE this! Can't complain at all for the price! Will be ordering more colors ..Order up a size.. runs small	review_date"
"great buy	 will purchase more	review_date"
"To small for my wife even though she wears a medium	review_date"
"Really pretty and fit great everywhere but my chest. The bra top is very small.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Too small not well proportioned m	review_date"
"Sexy !  I鈥檓 190 and I ordered the xxl.  Size up and you will be happy.	review_date"
"greaT!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Good material for the price!	review_date"
"This was so cute and so comfortable I absolutely loved it good buy	review_date"
"Came torn	review_date"
"Fit perfectly! Good material and fast delivery. Very pleased	review_date"
"Extremely Small	review_date"
"Love love love 馃槏馃憤馃徏馃憣馃徏	review_date"
"Cute and flattering	 but no support.	review_date"
"Tiny rip in the fish net. Shipping also took much longer then expected.	review_date"
"This fit so well	review_date"
"This is absolutely adorable and looks just like the pictures.  The quality is great and it's a super good deal!	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit my large chest whatsoever	review_date"
"It fit perfectly and the quality is great!	review_date"
"The material was great and it鈥檚 super soft. The only issue was that it only cover my nips.	review_date"
"Strap was broken when it arrived....	review_date"
"love this! size guide was accurate	review_date"
"Fit nice and looked good	review_date"
"Was a great fit! Very flattering!	review_date"
"Fits really well	 and super cute!	review_date"
"Looks great love it	review_date"
"Loves	review_date"
"Bought a 3x and looked like a XL	review_date"
"Item is as pictured	 fast delivery	review_date"
"Too small but excellent quality	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful but it fits terribly small.	review_date"
"Pictures are not accurate for the product that I received.	review_date"
"Beautiful. Fits me perfectly. Thank you.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 like it鈥檚 to small	review_date"
"Small packaging. Great deal for price. I have A long torso so I ordered up !	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"Color was beautiful.	review_date"
"This product does not look anything like the picture or discription	review_date"
"nice fit	review_date"
"Omg ! Super soft and fits as expected !	review_date"
"A bit small over the breasts area.	review_date"
"Good quality	 very soft	review_date"
"The waistline fits perfectly	 however	  the bra is too small.	review_date"
"I'm a size 22 and the 3x was made more for a size 16. Just runs very small.	review_date"
"Its super cute!!	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy holds up my breasts at that lol	review_date"
"Still loving it	review_date"
"Very nice quality	review_date"
"Looks VERY trashy and doesn鈥檛 cover boobs	review_date"
"Order 1 size up. But absolutely beautiful	review_date"
"Great piece of clothing article! Awesome price as well!!	review_date"
"When I recived it the strap was broken.	review_date"
"Easy to put on.	review_date"
"Love this and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Order a size up and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Loved it!!!	review_date"
"It fits great in the hips and waist	 is comfortable for what it is	 and the red color is beautiful. BUT the chest area is a little small on me (as if the fabric is just not wide enough? never had this fit issue before as someone with a small chest.The adjustable straps and the tie behind the back made it work with my body.I'm 5'6 35-23-35 and wear a 28F bra. I got a Medium which tends to be my size across the board for lingerie from Amazon.	review_date"
"Wrong size description	review_date"
"Came with a hole and doesn't fit	review_date"
"Fits perfect. I've actually ordered more.	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 absolutely beautiful!	review_date"
"I ordered a 3x. And it was tiny. The breast part only fit my nipples..	review_date"
"Fit great	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Came with a hole in it from poor manufacturing :(	review_date"
"Cups didn鈥檛 fit. It wasn鈥檛 long enough but	 it is pretty.	review_date"
"I like it the chest part was just to small	review_date"
"I loved it .but a little to small from the boobies ..	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"loved the color. fittex a lil too snug	review_date"
"Size up!!!	review_date"
"Fits just right	review_date"
"To small	review_date"
"Amazing	 great quality. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"It is as described. I like it!!	review_date"
"Well made for a great price.	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"Definitely not good for busty ladies.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"It fits great	review_date"
"Super cute! Love the color! Can鈥檛 wait to wear it! 5/5	review_date"
"Cute!	review_date"
"It didn鈥檛 fit	review_date"
"To small and it came with a hole in the netting part....	review_date"
"Breast area is small but overall I love it ! Super sexy	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable I love it!	review_date"
"Size isn鈥檛 right at all	review_date"
"WAY TOO SMALL! The large looks like an XS..	review_date"
"Way to small	review_date"
"Fit was perfect and fabric was really good!	review_date"
"love this!	review_date"
"Runs 2 sizes up	review_date"
"LOVED it! it's really pretty on!	review_date"
"Fits great !	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Sexy	review_date"
"Little small but cute!!	review_date"
"Fits beautifully	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"5'4 DDD 155lbs and bought XL.  From past reviews I knew it wouldn't be much coverage on the top. Plenty of stretch left in the garment elsewhere. The color is pretty. Gave it a 3 because of a two inch section that was not sewn together and there's a gaping hole in the front where the mesh meets the waist sash.	review_date"
This is a great product for the price. Not even just the price but just in general. Lingerie can be expensive and you can easily spend $35.00 for a nice piece of lingerie. With how comfortable and stretchy the fabric it seems like it would definitely cost more than what they are actually selling it for. Its comfortable and not too form fitting at the bottom.. if you have a little belly
"Cute overall and the addition of the flattering waist ribbon makes it extra nice. Comfy to wear with the stretchy mesh fabric.	review_date"
"The bottom half fits great	 comfortable and breathable. But the top is just little triangles for little girl boobs. But I like the fabric and the color but its very ill fitting on the top.	review_date"
"Loved the style of this product and the material did look sturdy and comfortable. Unfortunately	 I found a hole in the netting next to the waistline stash when I received the product. It looks as though the sewing machine missed the material as it was being sewn together.I intend on requesting a replacement and am hoping that the next one comes undamaged!	review_date"
"Looks perfect	review_date"
"This was short as far as torso length on me and I am 5 foot 8 . Would have loved maybe one size larger but it is nice quality for the price paid. arrived quickly	review_date"
"Beautifully made.	review_date"
"I was ripped when I received it	review_date"
"nice quality	review_date"
"This is a super cute Teddy	review_date"
"I like the overall look of the thing	 but it does run small. I'm 5' 7\	 155lbs	 32DD bra size. The torso was slightly too short (yikes camel toe)	 and the bra part was wayyy too small. Keeping nonetheless.""	review_date"
"If you are on the taller side	 plus size	 have a larger bust	 longer torso	 or carry any extra weight in your stomach	 do yourself a favor and don't even consider ordering this. I'm 5'10\	 weigh 250lbs	 and admittedly have a few extra pounds in the stomach area. After reading the reviews and reading that some women heavier than myself had ordered it and loved it	 I thought \""what the heck	 I'll give it a shot!\""The only reason this is even getting two stars is because it shipped super fast (about a day and a half!) and it honestly looks really nice out of the bag - extremely pretty! I knew it looked like something that would fit someone half my size (a 3X? C'mon now)	 but decided to try it on anyway. Lemme just say.. \""yikes\""! I could hardly get it over my hips	 but after I did	 I pulled it up to try and get my arms in the holes. Loosened the straps out about as far as they could go and put it the rest of the way on and looked in the mirror. Gross. All I could think about was never wanting my husband to look at me in this. It rides up so high.. like	 so crazy high that I had camel toe	 which never happens. Most of my hips were also exposed	 which isn't how it appears to look on anyone else. The material is definitely not as stretchy as a lot of other reviews claim	 because if that were true	 it would have fit better. My entire boobs were practically hanging out	 as the two little triangles can fit probably a C cup at the maximum. I'm a 42D	 so anyone else claiming this fits or would fit D-FFF cup sizes obviously does NOT know their correct bra size.In my opinion	 this should not even be listed as a plus size item. Coming from a size 18/20 plus size woman	 this is absolutely in no way	 shape	 or form a piece of lingerie for anyone similar to my size or stature. Kudos to all the women who have posted their photos here and look amazing in this - you rock it! Unfortunately	 it's just not made for women like myself.""	review_date"
"This body suit is extra sexy! I loved the black one so much I had to get the Peachy Pink too! For reference I'm 5'6\ with a long torso	 34D (36\"") 24\"" waist and 36\"" hip and the small fit almost too small but I think a medium would be too big.""	review_date"
"This was my first time purchasing something like this and having it be online. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 160 and got a large which fit very nice. I鈥檓 thankful for the adjustable straps. And over all very happy with the purchase. I got the color purple and love it. The coloring does seem richer than what was pictured on the model but it鈥檚 beautiful and so freakin soft. I鈥檓 worried it might get a tear if not handled with thought. But honestly I鈥檇 buy it again if that were the case.Picture: one with flash and the other without.	review_date"
"I got the red. It looks super tiny but it does fit my body perfectly. I got the size 3x. I'm 5'7\ and 42D. My sizing is usually all over the place and knew I'd need a bigger one for my long torso along with reading the chart and pictures. There's stretch to it. I ended up getting another one from the same company and this one fits way better!""	review_date"
"A pretty priecr I was really excited to wear but can鈥檛 because the bra top on the large is more for an A-cup and not a D-cup. I鈥檓 super disappointed because I was excited to wear it. It鈥檚 very flattering on the  rest of my body. I鈥檓 normally a small/medium and I bought a large	review_date"
"Terrible for anyone who has breasts over a C. The piece fit wonderfully	 it's stretchy	 soft	 lovely. The top part? HORRIBLE. I have 38DDD breasts so I ordered an XXL thinking \Oh	 this will have larger breast cups\"". WRONG. I'd be surprised if a B cup could fit into this thing. The overwhelming amount of spillage from the cups takes away from the overall sexy look. I'd return it but I got it as a gift so whatever.""	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised with how pretty this piece actually was once seeing it in person. Bought as a gift for my best friend鈥檚 lingerie shower. Used the provided measurement chart to determine what size she would wear and she said it fit perfectly! She actually chose this one to wear on her wedding night!! Sexy and elegant!!	review_date"
"I'm very sad I have a small body but I have ENORMOUS breasts. I got this as a gift off my wishlist. The bottom fits good but my breast can t even got in this thing like at all. Very disappointing. I was gonna wear this for my boyfriend on Valentine's Day now I cannot.	review_date"
"i weigh about 220 and usually wear a xl but i had to buy a xxxl	 but fit perfect besides my boobs kinda hung out a little but wasn't really a problem	 but my husband loved it!	review_date"
"This was sooo cute!!! I ordered the red one and I just got it today and i LOVE it. I don鈥檛 really have any complaints except the part on the vag is kind of small	 but it鈥檚 not a big deal. The rest of it fits perfectly!!! In case anyone is wondering	 I鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 135 pounds	 and a A or B cup. I ordered the large since I鈥檓 so tall and prayed that it would fit my chest and it did! So I鈥檓 not sure how this would fit ladies that have pretty big chests	 if the large fit mine well.	review_date"
"I neverrrr write reviews but I had to for this! It fits perfectly and the material is so comfortable and soft. It鈥檚 adorable! I鈥檓 a cam girl for a living and get complimented SO much on it! I have it in red and pink :)	review_date"
"I am 5'10 and about 184lbs with a very long torso and long legs. I ordered this is in a 3XL after reading the product reviews and I am SO thrilled with it. I bought it to wear out	 and a white lace bra looks great under it. I even wore a very padded one under it and the body suit fits well over it. If you buy this to wear out or to wear in private it is beautiful and an exceptional deal. The lace is delicate	 so just be cautious not to snag it. Order up a few sizes and you will not be disappointed!	review_date"
"I really like this lingerie body suit! HOWEVER I am giving it three stars because as soon as I put it on the first time	 the left strap snapped. I wasn鈥檛 expected high quality	 just not to have it break the first time I put it on. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 143lbs. I ordered a large but definitely could have gone with a medium as it鈥檚 slightly large on my legs and hip area. I wear a 34b and the top fit well but has enough stretch in it for a bigger cup size.	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love this bodysuit!! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125 lbs-fit/slim build-and I ordered one in medium and one in small because I wasn鈥檛 sure how it would fit. Like I expected	 the small was too short for my torso but the medium fit perfectly. I got the medium in red and just returned the small for a medium in black. I can鈥檛 tell you how amazing I feel when wearing the red!! It is so flattering for my body shape and small chest. Definitely recommend!!	review_date"
"Shipped quickly! Material doesn't feel cheap and its very cute when its on. My only complaint is the coverage for boobs. I think I would have been fine if I went larger	 but then i feel as if the bottom would have looked to saggy. Overall I think this item is perfect for smaller breasted women regardless of how curvy you are.	review_date"
"Overall it's super cute. The blue one looks just like the picture (including color). I'm around 5'2 170lbs and my boobs are either hanging over the sides or stuffed over and under the bottom lace breast line. But everything else looks great. If that really bothers you just have your partner take off their glasses/contacts or turn around really fast so they focus on the thong I guess.	review_date"
"I bought a large which is what I always wear and this literally rode up my vag and the back strap gives me the worst back fat rolls. Its a cute body suit but only for skinny	review_date"
"So	 I'm 5'2\ 128lbs and I wear a 32ddd size bra. I normally wear a size medium in lingerie but I'm always iffy when buying them online because the bra part is usually too small. I bought the red one size medium and it was just as the picture shows. The color is such a rich red color. I absolutely love it but the bra top did not cover my breasts enough	 I was definitely overflowing so I will be returning it and trying a large size. Over than that it was perfect. I would definitely recommend!!!The actual color is abdarker red then what my picture shows.""	review_date"
"I was having a bad day.. BAD.. came home to this little baby	 put it on blasted shania Twain feel like a woman and forgot I had any problems at all. It is so flattering in all the right places and SOOO SEXY. If you want to feel like an empowered vixen this is the piece for you. I鈥檓 5鈥? about 190lbs athletic build and ordered an XL.. probably could have done the large but I am very happy.	review_date"
"Made for ultra short torsos and I'm 5'3\. Ordered a 3xl and still now a great fit. 38-38-48 are my measurements.""	review_date"
"I actually love this sexy lingerie one piece!! I鈥檓 sorry I had to send mines back because it was to small on my bust. I will make sure to buy it again but this time in a bigger size	review_date"
"Fit everywhere else but the chest part. I鈥檓 a 42 F and the chest piece was literally the size of my areola. so I don鈥檛 recommend this for anyone real busty.	review_date"
"Great quality. Fits my wife perfectly	review_date"
"Beautiful on.  So glad I read size reviews.  I'm 5-3	 130 lbs and ordered a large and it fit perfect.  I plan on ordering in another color.	review_date"
"I was a little hesitant to buy lingerie off amazon but I wanted something quick before Valentine鈥檚 Day. It shipped fast and the quality is great! I got the black and the fabric is super soft and stretchy. My boyfriend loved me in it! Would buy from this company again!	review_date"
"Love it so so much! I was nervous taking it out of the packaging cause it is honestly a piece of fishnet with a ribbon on it lol but it fits great after I adjusted the straps! Comfortable and easy to move around in.	review_date"
"I like look that it gives me plus it really looks sexy on me. I鈥檓 5鈥? and I ordered a large. The size is just right plus a little room to move around in. Will order again!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 150. Ordered a L and it fits perfect. Comfortable too.	review_date"
"This is absolutely gorgeous! Looks expensive. I bought the peachy pink and it is divine. I can't even! So impressed!	review_date"
"This lingerie is so amazing! it fits perfectly and the lace is soo soft. I ordered a size large in the blue color and i highly recommend	 its totally worth purchasing.	review_date"
"Bought a 3x because I'm usually a 2x but wanted to play it safe. Couldnt even pull this thing up my thighs. I'm thick	 not that thick.	review_date"
"I loved this 	 and my husband's mouth dropped! I'm 5'4 and 152 lbs and a large fit good. The material was softer and more comfortable than I expected!	review_date"
"The cups are too small for the size I ordered and the bottoms were a  bit big but the rest of the piece fit well.The color and material are great.	review_date"
"Bought this to surprise my husband. I went with a medium fit perfectly. Usually get a small but sized up and the medium fit best	review_date"
"I bought this for a friend who is very curvy but petite and it fit wonderfully! The ribbon around the middle accentuated her tiny waist while the lace around he hips fit perfectly!	review_date"
"the person i bought it for would have liked it to be a couple inches longer but other then that happy :)	review_date"
"The garment itself was super cute and sexy	 but unfortunately there was a hole on the back before I even got to wear it which was super disappointing	review_date"
"I bought this as a gift and she liked it	review_date"
"i鈥檓 a size 18 and a xxxl fits my body good. however i wear a 40DDDD (yes 4 D鈥檚) and my tits were literally falling out lmaooo	review_date"
"I LOVE IT!I鈥檝e had it for about 5 months now and it has been washed at least a dozen times and is still looking bomb!	review_date"
"i鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 150 lbs	 ordered a large. fits perfectly and looks sexy. already ordered from Garmol again馃槀	review_date"
Fit great 
"I got the peachy pink color	 and the fabric is so soft and comfy. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 115 lb and got the small.	review_date"
"Pace is stretchy	 comfortable	 and soft!	review_date"
"True to size :)5'7	 145 lbs	 size medium.	review_date"
"Otherwise it鈥檚 exactly as pictured and silky soft.. feels really good :)	review_date"
"I liked the super fast delivery	review_date"
"She loved it. Also commented on how comfortable it was and how great it fit.	review_date"
"This lingerie is absolutely stunning.  The material is insanely soft and comfortable.  I love all of the details on this piece.  The the flower detailing on the chest and bottom is gorgeous and so is the bow on the front.  I also love how it had a bra clasp in the back.  The large size fits me great and I am 5'6\ and 170lbs.""	review_date"
"This is so cute on! I love the coverage that it gives because I can be self conscience at times	 but this gives me great confidence. It's a vibrant purple with cute lace detailing. The fit is what I expected which it great.	review_date"
"This lingerie is a great buy! The material is of good quality	 and I love that the back has an adjustable hook like a bra. I am  a 32DD bust	 and 32\ waist. I bought a medium and I'm very pleased with the fit. I recommend this for curvy women.""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 36B	 waist 29鈥?and hips 40鈥?and the medium fit me perfectly. Both top and bottom fit.	review_date"
"Works out pretty well. I like that you can adjust the neck strap and that impacts the support for the girls.	review_date"
"Looks awesome on my wife. Fits her perfectly when it's on.... the touch is soft and not all scratchy. And it doesn't bleed the dye when coming in contact with like almond oil. She says she really likes the way it feels	 all soft	 and she really likes the color. Says the lacy parts of it are nice and comfortable too.	review_date"
"THIS IS FROM MY BOYFRIEND.  I DECIDED HE WAS THE BETTER JUDGE. THEREFORE I GAVE HIM THE JOB OF RATING MY SURPRISE PURCHASE FOR HIM.BEAUTIFUL! SUPER SEXY! OH MY GOODNESS YOU ARE HOT!  CAN I SEE MORE!  HOLD ME BACK!  BE STILL MY HEART.. I AM SO HARD!	review_date"
"Just as it looks in picture. I am 165lbs and bought Lg. Good price. I will order from them again.	review_date"
"My spouse is overly conscientious about her looks particularly in lingerie but she immediately fell in love with this Lace Babydoll Mesh Chemise before even trying it on. She claims it fit perfectly and looks GREAT on her (I cannot wait to see it on her as she is saving its unveiling for our Caribbean vacation). She is not to thrilled with the \bottom\"" but this was remedied by finding a \""bottom\"" more to her liking! Purchased it for her as a holiday gift and she liked it so much	 another purchase in a different color was added to her collection!  Hey	 if she likes it and cannot wait to unveil it then how can I not like it!!!""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? weigh 165lbs and a Large was the perfect size. It landed right below my butt cheeks and the top was perfect. I鈥檓 a 36B and I鈥檓 sure it would easily fit bigger chests. It鈥檚 exactly as the picture online.	review_date"
"Really pretty on. It is stretchy	 which is good for us non-skinnies. The only complaints I have is that the part that ties looks like it would tear easily (especially if they are carrying the weight of overly buxom twins!) and that if you buy an XL	 the top and the strings (undies) should be bigger. I am overly endowed (36 I)	 but I can barely get my nips covered by the material. I do appreciate the cleavage	 but I definitely can鈥檛 bend over without them popping out (which may or may not be a bad thing!! I haven鈥檛 figured it out yet!) but it is really pretty	 I love that it is stretchy	 and seems to be pretty comfortable!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 152lbs I bought size M. This is even more beautiful in person than in the pic. The material and lace are stunning	 it fits beautifully and far exceeded my expectations. Have had to stitch the black lace a tiny bit but that could鈥檝e been from the 鈥渆njoyment鈥?we (my soldier returned from overseas and I) got out of it.. the blue is so beautiful and the material feels like good quality fabric. I would definitely recommend this again and again!!	review_date"
"I love this nightie!  I鈥檓 a bigger girl (size 14) and it was very flattering!  I used a different pair of panties that had a higher fuse to hide some things but the g sting would have been great if I didn鈥檛 have a small roll to hide	review_date"
"This outfit is so beautiful. If you're like me with not so perky bits I would move the black strap up a little more and it'll give the illusion of support. If you have a lot up top I would skip this because there's no way anything is staying in. Overall	 I absolutely love love love this. It's pretty and the top portion''s design is nice to look at so it's not just a simple outfit. I like how the bottoms are adjustable string wise because it doesn't feel like it's riding up and uncomfortable. It tight where the elastic is on the top but it fits pretty loosely.	review_date"
"Beautiful color	I bought the purple and it is really pretty and a good fit. Nice quality of material also. Would recommend to a friend and I probably will buy it in another color as well!	review_date"
"Really loved this outfit but way to small going to be shipping bk for a refund and purchasing again in a smaller size had to tie the back straps to support boob area. Wish the charts were more accurate. It鈥檚 very stretch n conforms well. If u r a lil bigger on chart get one to two sizes smaller because thier a lot of room at the end it鈥檚 very flowy and u don鈥檛 want your bust to not fit n b weighted down. Would recommend again only in a way smaller size. Again wish chart was more accurate I鈥檓 a 38bust n 38hips since I鈥檝e gained weight n it was way to big!	review_date"
"Oh my sexy!!!  My husbands jaw dropped... It's very sexy and extremely flattering... Sorry no photos this is all for my hubby.. It shows EVERYTHING! But girls.... Big or small this is for you!! It's awesome!  I've bought so many sexy things from Victoria's secret and they were so uncomfortable this is silky soft!!  You will not regret your purchase!  Go buy it!!!!	review_date"
"Sexy \u0026 Comfortable.  I have a curvy figure	 and this was still very flattering.	review_date"
"Great product and quality! my fiance is 5'3\ about 140lbs with a big B cup. would def fit DDs the way its made.""	review_date"
"Christmas present for my wife	 fit is a little tight	 but she loves the way they feel and look!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 used to ordering from a high end lingerie store. This item was absolutely beautiful! My boyfriend loved it and had no clue it wasn鈥檛 $$$. I purchased the first one pictured	 black with silver accents. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?110 lbs 32D and the small fit great! I will definitely be ordering again.	review_date"
"Somewhat large in the ribs	 small in the chest. It fit a little awkwardly.I'm 5'3\ 180lbs	 40-29-45... so nothing fits. It is cute though.""	review_date"
"Absolutely love it! It's so soft and adds just enough coverage if there's some areas of concern ( like having had kids lol ) the color is beautiful. Ordered a few more because I couldn't beat the price!	review_date"
"Im 5'5	 140lbs	 and 36C. I normally fall between a Medium and a Large so I ordered the large size and overall it fit nicely. I think i could have gotten away with ordering a Medium (the fabric has some stretch to it)	 but overall I am happy with the fit. The material is also very soft and it looks like I paid more for it than i did. I love the way it looks.	review_date"
"Good fit	 had to read the reviews to figure out the size though. I'm 5'7\	 150lbs	 and a 38DD and got an XL. It fits comfortably. Decent material	 lace seems nice	 and it lays nicely""	review_date"
"Seems to run a little large. I got a small	 and still have to really tighten the strap around the neck to get any support at all	 and it is just not enough. I will say it is very comfortable	 and for the price it is ok. I would not buy it again	  but will keep it.	review_date"
"Really flattering. 5鈥?2鈥?145 pounds	 size MEDIUM was perfect. Don鈥檛 like the panties	 but I don鈥檛 care.	review_date"
"5'2 130lbs 36B. Beautiful. This is so flattering. Love the colors. My husband loved this one.	review_date"
"Was kinda tight	review_date"
"What a great find. Much less expensive than Victoria鈥檚 Secret. Great sexy look and the small fits like it was made for me alone. 5鈥?..114 lbs	review_date"
"I have always loved the stuff I get from Avidlove	 and this is no exception. The lace is so pretty and soft. It looks very waist trimming on me and he really liked how it looked	 too!	review_date"
"This outfit is gorgeous in color and makes you feel beautiful.  It fit perfectly and my boyfriend absolutely loved it.  I ordered the size large and I am 140 lbs. 5' 6'' and C cup	review_date"
"Wife loves it. She usually wears medium tops	 I got her a medium and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Got this as a gift for a bride at her bachelorette party	 she absolutely loved it! It fit her in all the right places and she said it was comfy enough to sleep in	review_date"
"It fit my girlfriend excellently and she truly enjoys wearing it around the house.	review_date"
"This babydoll is super sexy cute and made to flatter curves.	review_date"
"I love this piece! So sexy and flattering! I will definitely buy this in other colors!!	review_date"
"Big hit with the husband. Came slightly large but other than that I鈥檇 definitely buy again.	review_date"
"Gorgeous. Fits as expected	 looks just like it does in picture	 very flattering	 soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Soft and sexy	 my wife loves it. It does run a bit small. The blue is a a fantastic color.	review_date"
"I loved the feel and fit if this!  Very flattering and sexy.  I would highly recommend this.	review_date"
"Wife and I both love it	 very sexy and fits great	review_date"
"I love it! I only wear my lingerie a few times and then buy new. I like to change it up often. I wear large in tops and med in bottoms in my daily clothing. I bought this in a med and it fits perfect the g-string is very thin but it was perfect for what I was going for in the bedroom. I will be buying more of this brand in the near future.	review_date"
"Very sexy but if you are kinda chubby it'll fit tight in your stomach.	review_date"
"I love this and my boyfriend does as well. So ladies I recommend you get this to impress your special someone.	review_date"
"Lace had big holes in it and was not connected at the top around the breast part. Did not receive bottom half with this as described in the description.	review_date"
"GreatNice quality and looked fantastic	review_date"
"This piece is very flattering!  The detailing and positioning of the lace is so pretty.  The only thing I don't like is the thong	 which doesnt come close to fitting and is useless.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and she loves it. So do I VERY SEXY. Read the reviews and decided to go up 1 size and it fits GREAT.	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect. Steal of a price too!	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Looks beautiful. Fits great	review_date"
"My partner and I like it.	review_date"
"Husband liked	review_date"
"Hot		 that's all I've got to say. Smoking hot!!!	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Very nice quality but was too small and does not come any bigger. I have a bigger chest and i ordered an XL slightly tight around waist and the boobs were too small.	review_date"
"My wife like this fit her well.  She's 5'10 175 34ddd	review_date"
"Very sexy and th gf says it's very comfy which is not always the case with lingerie.  Was slightly larger then expected which us also not the norm (always seems to small) . And it's made alot beter then most bedroom outfits..would by again.	review_date"
"Size mediumm fit me perfectly - 5'3 / 133 lbs / 36B	review_date"
"I am very happy with the quality of this product. Much better than expected!	review_date"
"Looks great and is very forgiving.	review_date"
"For the price	 awesome.  Yeah the edges of the lace fabric had a few loose strings	 but he didn't notice.  I'm smaller up top (34B) and larger on the bottom (size 8) and this piece helped balance everything and looked amazing (so I'm told)!	review_date"
"Item fits nice. Very sexy. Looks better than the pictures.	review_date"
"Nicely adjustible	 color is cute and fits just a touch larger than I expected but still flattering. Only complaint is there is a slightly pokey material around the bar clasps in the back. Otherwise I really enjoy this purchase.	review_date"
"Item arrived quickly. And was packaged well. The fit was good and quality material. Very well made.very sexy.	review_date"
"Pretty and comfortable	review_date"
"This is for all sizes and cood quality priced right and Looks Great.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Great material	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"The design is very pretty and easy to slip into	review_date"
"Love the material!!! and feels fantastic!	review_date"
"Very flattering. Great deal	review_date"
"It has no support. The cup size is way smaller then the rest of the bottom half. I ordered an XXL and the cup isn鈥檛 true to size. Everything underneath is very true to size. I would not recommend to heavy busted gals.	review_date"
"LOVE IT!!!	review_date"
"Super soft material. Wasn't expecting much of it but it is beautiful.	review_date"
"Great lingerie	 I love the sheer panties...fits perfect.	review_date"
"It is more beautiful in person than in the picture. It fits very well and true to size. I also like the fact that it has an adjustable bra like clasp in the back. Just great all the way around!	review_date"
"This is the only company in Amazon that I will buy from.  Your lingerie is super soft and it fits exactly the way it's supposed to.	review_date"
"Beautiful.	review_date"
"I like My New lingerie. the color  beautiful	review_date"
"Wife loves it super sexy !	review_date"
"Beautiful and sturdy	review_date"
"Looks good on my wife	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very pretty and great material.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"fit  nicely	 no complains	review_date"
"The perfect fit for overweight person. Looks great. I'm size Large and I ordered the large	 not disappoint at all. 馃憤馃榿	review_date"
"Very cute but definitely on the small side.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Good buy! Definitely recommend	review_date"
"Good quality	 it fits as expected. My boyfriend and I loved it!! it looks very nice and sexy :)Grace R.	review_date"
"Girlfriend enjoyed the material and fit.	review_date"
"Runs smaller than size chart but it's workable. Cheap material but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Sexysexysexy. Husband LOVES it.	review_date"
"Sexy and fit well	review_date"
"Girlfriend loved it	review_date"
"Very Cute but don't be afraid to put a bra on for the bigger chested girls	review_date"
"This was a huge disappointment. It鈥檚 very cheaply made. My chest is average size (small D) and shape and it doesn鈥檛 work AT ALL. You would have to have a smaller size chest for it to look like the girl in the picture.	review_date"
"I'm happy	review_date"
"Definitely not what I thought	review_date"
"Fit perfect. Great quality. Very sexy!	review_date"
"Pretty but didn't fit.  It fit about 2 sizes too small	review_date"
"All I can say is buy this your man will love it and so will you. Very sexy.	review_date"
"purchased for a friend	 she said it was too small for her. But love the outfit.	review_date"
"i like it	 sexy 	 very happy	review_date"
"Made me feel as sexy as the woman in the picture.	review_date"
"I am in love this product. It came packaged nicely no smell and was a hit with my husband. Will definitely be ordering again	review_date"
"Wife likes it.  Works as advertised.	review_date"
"Le encanto a mi esposa... miy buena calidad	review_date"
"My husband loved it!	review_date"
"Nice fit	 good quality for price	review_date"
"To big	review_date"
"Looks great	 fits great.	review_date"
"Ugg	review_date"
"Sexy and fits well	 the material is soft and comfortable	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Fits perfect and very comfortble 馃グ	review_date"
"Bought this for a friend鈥檚 bachelorette party gift so I鈥檓 not sure how it fit her but it looked nice when it arrived and appeared to be made well.	review_date"
"Was a big hit for anniversary	review_date"
"Awesome for husband enjoyment	review_date"
"The product arrived on time and the material was soft and not scratchy	 would purchase again!	review_date"
"5 foot 3\ and got a small	 fits great!!""	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"The green is gorgeous. I am 5'2 125 lbs and a 34c. The medium fit well. It is completely sheer and a bit delicate so don't know if it will tear easily. It survived one night though without a problem. Super comfortable.	review_date"
"Runs small. Get the next size up. Fits great then.	review_date"
"Arrived as advertised	review_date"
"This is great. Fit me very well. Very nice lace. Great quality for the price.	review_date"
"The quality of your products is excellent! Very very very happy with my purchase. Looking forward to order more items. I'll be your #1 customer!	review_date"
"Just as expected :-)	review_date"
"perfect fit and super comfy	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Cheap and thin	review_date"
"Girlfriend got this as a surprise for me. Let鈥檚 just say yes.Yes.Yes.	review_date"
"It is nice. Fit is a little off but not due to product.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"That it has no built in bra...or wiring. I'm not a slender gal	 being a mother of three it's difficult to find things to make you feel confident and sexy.	review_date"
"It fits very good. Not too big or tight	review_date"
"This is so pretty!  It makes me feel feminine without feeling \squeezed\"" in.""	review_date"
"Very sexy very comfortable my husband loves it as much as I do.	review_date"
"Ok this lingerie is just hot. My significant agrees as well. Just the right size and fits in all the right places.	review_date"
"size up	 the product is great!	review_date"
"Love it very sexy	review_date"
"馃憤馃徏馃憤馃徏馃憤馃徏馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"Great quality product as always	review_date"
"Great material looks amazing on	review_date"
"Very sexy	 I had to tighten the straps for a little more support.	review_date"
"Love this! Fun and flirty!	review_date"
"Looks just like the picture	review_date"
"So cute. Fits to size and sexy. Definitely worth they buy.	review_date"
"I like the way the product looks. But it runs small.  I would pick 2 size larger if I purchase again	review_date"
"buy a size bigger especially if your 34\  c cup or larger  smaller breast may get away with usual size""	review_date"
"It makes me feel incredibly sexy! I love is so much!	review_date"
"Fast delivery. Love the item	review_date"
"it fits perfect and my husband love it for the price it is incredible.	review_date"
"Im 5'2 122lbs and ordered a small. perfect fit and it is sooooo soft!!!	review_date"
"This piece was absolutely beautiful	 fit perfectly and made my partner very happy!	review_date"
"A little smaller than I would perfer	 but it was cute and did its job.	review_date"
"good buy!	review_date"
"Husband loved it. Thank You.	review_date"
"The color is on point! 馃憣馃徑	review_date"
"Super sexy	 fits just right.	review_date"
"OK	review_date"
"Fits true to size. More sheer than I expected but still very pretty.	review_date"
"Bueno	review_date"
"It was perfect fit and looks very elegant and sexy on	review_date"
"Fits well and it鈥檚 a sexy little outfit.	review_date"
"It looks great on my wife	review_date"
"Has bra hooks on back	 not sure why?	 very Sharp edges on it	 removed it now it prefect.	review_date"
"loved it. just wish there was more support in the bra area.	review_date"
"Awesome piece	review_date"
"Wasn't a great fit	review_date"
"Of course my husband loved it!	review_date"
"Very nice piece however fabric was ripped in one section.	review_date"
"My wife loved it!  We highly recommend this nightie!	review_date"
"Love!!!	review_date"
"Husband love it.  Very pretty.	review_date"
"I  Like it	review_date"
"Very cute! Shipped very fast! The material is of quality.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Really cute	 but runs a little small	 I would advise to order up a size for a perfect fit.	review_date"
"I loved it	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"This is too flimsy	 I'll fitting and a disappoint all around.	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on. my fianc茅 definitely loved this if you get my drift 馃槵. Fits perfect true to size material is great	review_date"
"Very nice material.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"hot	review_date"
"My wife loved this	review_date"
"It's pretty small	 definitely get a size bigger than what you normally wear	review_date"
"The datk red is much prettier in person.	review_date"
"The clasp in the back do not stay together. Does run a little big. Very pretty though.	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It's beautifull and fits amazing.  I am D cup and the top looks amazing	review_date"
"This item fit well	 material was soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful set fits nice	review_date"
"5'3\ 105 C's. Small fit perfect	 very comfortable	 very sexy.""	review_date"
"Very pretty!	review_date"
"sexy and soft! Love it	review_date"
"Really thin but really cute	review_date"
"Wonderful!	review_date"
"Looks pretty goood	 though not exactly comfortable. Rides up the ass a bit.	review_date"
"The style the lease is the snug fit	review_date"
"very comfortable	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect!	review_date"
"Fits nicely	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"There isn't any bust support. So	 if you are a size D and above	 I would not recommend this purchase.	review_date"
"Super hot in adjustable because of the halter style at the top.	review_date"
"It's ok. Pretty color and lookalike nice quality but hangs odd.  The top sits right in the middle of your butt but higher in the back than the front.  Didn't look right	 looks like it was cut wrong.  Sending it back	review_date"
"Absolutely love this little nighty  good quality super cute on very happy with the purchase	review_date"
"My fiance got this foe our honeymoon and i have no complaints. Looked and felt amazing	review_date"
"I really like so much this lingerie . It's so sexy and look classic . I'm happy  order this  lingerie.  It's right on my size . It's so comfortable to me .	review_date"
"Absolutely adore these products.  Fit well and offer just enough enticing coverage.  Spice up date night or any night with this lingerie.	review_date"
"I'm 5'10\ and size 18.  I ordered the XXL but the skirt isn't full enough for me.  The front of the panties are a triangle 5\"" across and 6\"" down and the rest is elastic.  Not great if you plan on actually wearing them.Beautiful design though.""	review_date"
"Woahhhh the top is made for someone with boobs on the side of their body. The lace doesn鈥檛 even cover the boobs at all bodice is cut too wide.	review_date"
"If you have large breasts don't buy this. Tiny boobs need only apply.	review_date"
"not well made	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Sizes run 2-3 times smaller than advertised. Cheaply made strap fell off as soon as it was touched	review_date"
"Very cheaply made. Sizes are not true to size....Runs very small. Waste of money. If you are bigger busted it barely holds you up.	review_date"
"It didnting have pad in the bra part	 otherwise it was okay!	review_date"
"Oulala	review_date"
"The fabric had a tear in the lace.	review_date"
"I really liked the material	 the blue was beautiful. I did not like how far apart the material was across the chest. Way to open	 so in the way of gravity definitely didn't do anything make me feel like i would feel good in it. Its a good product	 material is good just be careful of ripping when trying to tie the top. And i wish they made them with some other kind of underwear other than a g string	 a lace thong would have been preferred rather than the couple bits of string im sure will break as soon as i try to wear it.	review_date"
"I bought this for my girlfriend and it turned out to be a gift for the both of us men if you're looking for something that you can benefit from as well as her this is it awesome!!!	review_date"
"Loved this fit's perfectly	review_date"
"Terrible material. Size is way off. Doesn't stretch. Wrong color	review_date"
"SUPER COMFY	 AND IT FIT GREAT! I AM 5'5 AND ABOUT 315LBS I AM VERY BUSTY! ITS STRETCHES AND SHAPES MY BODY! NOW I WANT ALL THE OTHER COLORS!	review_date"
"Love this dress!  Fit perfectly	 I typically wear a size 10	 36B	 5'8\ 150 lbs so definitely not a super model body.  I need an additional lift so I added a black bra and it looked great!  I thought in the pic that the wide strip in the back was a G-string but it's actually two thick lines near the bottom	 kind of strange.  I wore a gstring with the dress so now there are three thick fabric lines on the back.""	review_date"
"LOVE.  It hugs ALL my curves !	review_date"
"This was the favorite of all the dresses I bought for my girlfriend	review_date"
"This can be shaped to wear as a sexy blouse if you scrunch it up around  your stomach	 which looked GREAT with skinny jeans and heels for a night out.  I put a nice choker and bangles with it and it worked. The red was a little too loud for my skin tone to wear as lingerie. So I'm going to order the black for the bedroom and keep the red as my going out top. It has a nice liner around the breast so I didnt have to wear a bra with it. This was a winner!	review_date"
"I cannot get over how nice this is.it will fit size 4 to about 16.most one size fits all well	doesn't fit all.im 5	9  and around 138.i could gain 40 lbs and it will still fit.its not too short either.the yellow color is a nice bright yellow .very flattering shade.im slim but this would be sexy on thick girls because the material is so stretchy.also cut well in the back.im going to get another color now.	review_date"
"This little piece of lingerie is really pretty good.  It is very stretchy and will accommodate a wide range of body shapes I would think.  i am 5ft 6\  and wear a 14-16 in regular cloths.  It fit me well and was actually pretty flattering with that dark panel in front.I bought black but would like the red one also so will be ordering that one.thumbs up from me ..""	review_date"
"I actually feel comfortable in it. It's easy to put on 	 easy to take off. I am not a skinny or curvy girl but I don't feel uncomfortable or odd in it. It's soft and textured. It covrts but still shows you off. I like it the most of all the ones I got.	review_date"
"Loved this item i bought this one and another style loved them both. I am a size 12 pants and a Lg top and have a very big booty and hips. When i took it out of the package i was like what in the world	 who is this going to fit but it stretched so much and looked fabulous. I totally recommend buying any of these sexy lingerie dresses.	review_date"
"I'm always looking for something cute and flattering that holds my large ta tas up! Ive had 2 children that I breastfed so I'm very self conscious of my upper half. The straps were a bit thin to hold up the weight of my breast	 but it managed to do a pretty good job! I look amazing in it! Its very flattering and makes it look like I bought a brand new chest! I'm 5'10 and just under 150 pounds. Makes me look skinny and perky. I plan to buy in other colors.	review_date"
"i am 5 foot and curvy.. I got this in red and I love it.. felt nice on the skin and fit very nicely and hugged my curves in all the right places.. I am also a C in the chest area and I didn't need to wear a bra to keep the girls up.. this outfit kept them in place.. husband will be happy on our anniversary... will get another color but wish they offered a dark blue...	review_date"
"I wear 3x. It wasnt tight but depending on your body shape	 the visual may very. It falls along your body. So how you look naked	 is how this is going to look. The ony difference is that you'll have designs on your body. I thought I would look horrible and I saw it and thought meh. Not that cute. I need to lose weight. My man asked me to put it on for him and he couldn't even wait until it was off. Let's say he can still access what he wants while you're wearing this.	review_date"
"Not just because it's tight	 that's to be expected	 but it's a somewhat small fit. But compared with a few other Amazon items	 only this one got my husband really excited. The stretchy material is high quality and a nice pattern against the body. Couldn't keep it on very long. "
"Perfect fit TRUE TO SIZE !!!! Im size 14 5'9 and i always order an xxl with Avid Love! I think this was a 1 size though. Either way great fit! Great material!	review_date"
"This was actually a lot more tasteful than I thought it would be and it looked great on me!  For reference	 I'm 5'5	 128lbs. and I wear a 34C.  I usually purchase small (sometimes medium).  The material stretched quite a bit on me	 so I really don't get how one size fits all	 but give it a shot.  For $12	 you can't bet it.	review_date"
"I love this outfit! Some people might be comfortable wearing this out because it does cover the 'essentials'	 but it's a little too revealing for me. Still	 very sexy and nice for the curves.	review_date"
"It looks tiny	 but it stretches to fit any size	 really! I am 5'4	190	 42dd	 and it fit great! Highly recommend. Package came a day early! Very happy customer.	review_date"
"I usually wear a large or XL depending and this fits very well	 it has a lot of stretch remaining for persons who may be a bit bigger.	review_date"
"super sexy...wear it with some tall black pumps and he won't be able to resist :)	review_date"
"It is definitely a club dress. Very sexy	 very short but super fun. The fabric is thin	 but I expected that. I'll definitely wear a bra under it so you can't see everything.  I am 5'4\	 115 pounds and it fit perfectly. The dress is stretchy though	 so I'm sure it will fit almost any size.""	review_date"
"Ordered it in March it was still cool out. Put a long cardigan on and a pair of leggings no one ever suspected until I got home and my guy saw the back. He was pleasently suprised. 馃槒Fit perfectly I'm 5'4\ 260""	review_date"
"I got his to wear during the summer months and it is a little bit small but It still fits just fine and I can wear it with a bathing suit. It is very stretchy so it does fit most I can imagine. You kind of have to roll in onto you but its not to stiff so it works.	review_date"
"So sexy.....	review_date"
"Super sexy	 very forgiving	 and I must say tasteful at the same time. Fits amazing for a women with curves. Never thought I would like it as much as I do!	review_date"
"Omg! This is amazing! I have searched and searched for plus size lingerie and finally I tried this and it fits very good and the fabric feels great! I am 5'5 and weigh 285	 my body is shaped like a pear	 I have big thighs and a wide bottom	 I wear size 3x	 size 24 in jeans and a 40DD and let me tell you it fits!!!	review_date"
"This fits so perfectly!  Shows off all my curves.  I actually think I may wear it as a swim cover-up on the boat instead of as lingerie.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 240lb I usually wear a 2X and I was able to fit into this. It has lots of stretch	review_date"
"This stretches to fit you. Fits really nice and looks great. I was surprised at how good it looked. I am hesitant buying anything from amazon	 but decided to try this and looked great. Worth the money.	review_date"
"I Love this! I was concerned about the fit. I am 5'10 and I weigh 180. It stretches	 and fits me well. I can tell it would fit sizes much smaller than me as well as larger than me. I feel very sexy in it	 and my boyfriend absolutely loves it! He said he wants me to get one in every color.	review_date"
"So sexy and comfortable. Plenty of room for all my curves!!!	review_date"
"Didnt fit at all I was looking for something to fit a 4 month pp body and thought this would stretch and it didnt. Looked like a small item of clothing on a bit body didnt look flattering at all. They should have sizes so it dont make people feel self conscious about how they look. Very unhappy!	review_date"
"This is cute and provides enough support for me to go braless for a bit even with a 36H mommy chest.	review_date"
"You get for the money. Is fun and sexy dress	 could be used as a long top or beach dress as well. The fabric feels comfy and  well made.	review_date"
"I'm a curvy thick woman. And it fit me perfectly! It looks amazing as well! I usually wear large size shirts and size 18 pants. It will form to you. I Love it.	review_date"
"I had ordered a black one similar to this (my boyfriend LOVED)	 but this one's material was flimsier and it is not as long - by long I mean the other one had about an inch more in length	 which was great at hugging the rear end better... Haven't worn this one for him yet	 but am confident he'll love this	 too.	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS! So flettering! I am 5 ft tall 125 lbs	 big butt and hips (and thighs) Looked great on! I ordered more! Diff colors are great	review_date"
"Wife looks so super sexy in it.  Husbands get it for your wife u won't b disappointed.	review_date"
"Fast shipping. Exactly as pictured. Good quality product. Would buy again!!	review_date"
"Great purchase! Arrived quickly and safely! Would recommend to anyone!	review_date"
"great fun	 fits well!	review_date"
"Sexy as can be. You鈥檒l feel like a goddess in this little bit of nothing.	review_date"
"I really love this dress. It's just a nice piece to keep around. It's very similar to those you see in the beauty supply store. I think it's priced about the same as well.	review_date"
"If you think it won鈥檛 fit you	 it will. Trust me. I absolutly LOVE this	 and even with all the pulling down	 (big chested) nothing has ripped yet.	review_date"
"Great value. Fun and sexy to fool around in lol.	review_date"
"Super sexy party dress.  Will be ordering a few more styles and colors!	review_date"
"I wear a size 16/18 and this fits! its not too tight either.	review_date"
"This is smoking effin HOT! 馃敟馃敟馃敟馃敟馃敟馃敟Excellent quality !	review_date"
"Very hot and sexy. My boyfriend loved this.	review_date"
"She is so hot in this. Loves the support of the top for her breast.	review_date"
"Sexy as heck. My husband loved it on me. I felt so sexy on and comfortable.  If you want to feel sexy and WANTED as 馃槈  and you only pay few $ 	 then blindly go for .	review_date"
perfect anniversary gift to the hubby.  
"PERFECT! super comfy and sexy and looks amazing on. Literally fits every body type- I've bought a total of five now!	review_date"
"Just got mines today	 was a little skeptical because it looked so small that it could be a shirt but once I slipped it on it was very smooth and it's also stretchy and comfortable. Going to buy some red Pleaser's heels to make it even more sexy for my babe.	review_date"
"The only downfall is the halter straps the go up and around your neck. Real shoulder straps would be much better. Other than that	 very sexy	 strong straps	 good material	 covers up the important bits. Super stretchy.	review_date"
"Let me tell you got it out of the bag and told myself this tiny thing isn't going to fit me but tried it on and it fits perfectly. It stretches pretty good. I'm 5.4 160pounds thought it was going to fit tight but it doesn't. Flatters my figure and it doesn't look like it's going to brake from the stretch. Still has a lot of room for curvy gals.Love it. Must try!	review_date"
"Stretches to Fits great (I鈥檓 a curvy 10)! Looks sexy and okay for big or small breasts	review_date"
"Very sexy	 comfortable lingerie husband loves it	review_date"
"Great item	 fits great	 and the material is durable.	review_date"
"She looks awesome wearing this!!!!!!	review_date"
"I love this. It has a good supportive material to keep the girls almost in place and I have a bust line to behold...material is ok and looks like it will hold up to a bit of wear. All in all	 its flattering even on a larger frame like mine.	review_date"
"looks and feels great	review_date"
"Cute	 get it!	review_date"
"I was very pleased with this purchase. The packaging was very nice. It arrived quickly. The garment is very stretchy w/o too much give. Holds its shape very well and fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 love it and feels great on my skin	review_date"
"Oh yeah!	review_date"
"Absolutely sexy.	review_date"
"I love how this fits-it鈥檚 cute on!!!	review_date"
"He is going to love this on our wedding night.	review_date"
"Nice good quality	 husband loves it. It looks so small but it stretches a lot	review_date"
"Sexy and amazing	review_date"
"I got this outfit as a surprise for my boyfriend	 and boy was he a happy man! It fits perfect	 stretch is great for bigger girls! I am 5'5 and 190	 it's a great fit! He loves it!!!	review_date"
"She loved it. Great for the bedroom and great for a cover up.	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"I thought this would be the cheap nylon fabric	 rough and only worth one wear. It was  much better than expected! With a gentle washing... I can get a few wears out of this one.	review_date"
"I am true curvy size 16. The outfit is sexy and made with great material. A great stretch. A unforgettable head turner for sure. You wont be disappointed with this purchase	review_date"
"I am 5'4	 130 lbs... I ordered the small in black.... it didnt stay on very long cuz it is sexxyy.	review_date"
"It fit perfect I loved it	review_date"
"This was perfect fit	 style	  so sexy and comfy. I am going To get one in every color available.	review_date"
"perfect fit!	review_date"
"My butt simply makes it a little tricky to get on. That's my butt's problem	 not mine.	review_date"
"Really like this sexy dress	 probably better if you have small breast 馃槈	review_date"
"sexy dress	 fits you well	 totally recommend it :))	review_date"
"This is nice lingerie.  The back has the most reveal.  But it's nice and my boyfriend loves it. I would buy this again.	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"For the price	 this is awesome. Hugs the body and supports the girls! I can鈥檛 wait to wear it for real. 馃槏I am 5鈥?鈥?and 110 lbs	 32 DD. This was stated as a one size item	review_date"
"Now this is very nice.  It has a little bit of hold in it as I like it. I would buy again and get my favorite colors.	review_date"
"It was a great fit and my fianc茅 loved it so much. Very happy with it.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"It gives you curves in all of the right places and is a fun addition to the bedroom. Boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"I love this!!  Its a little longer than I expected.  It's super stretchy \u0026 feels so good on.  Makes my butt look good \u0026 my partner agrees!  Very sexy!	review_date"
"I'm in love with this! As far as the size goes	 it fit as expected. This I definitely a favorite of mine now	review_date"
"Great buy . Well made and looks great in my wife	review_date"
"Fits great. Be careful not tonrip it though.	review_date"
"I love it	 super sexy!!	review_date"
"Love it - it is sexy and if worn with a bathing suit bottom	 hubby says I can wear it the local pool!!!	review_date"
"Super cute!! Husband loves it!	review_date"
"Very sexy and very flattering. I'm 5'9 and a size 12/14 and it fits perfectly. My guy loved it. I have in red and black!	review_date"
"my boyfriend really loved this on me!  I wear a Large and it was a bit tight so I'd say if you are a XL or larger It probably wont work for you.	review_date"
"A really great fit and look.  This outfit was ready to wear and looked like I expected it to.	review_date"
"Very figure flattering for curvy women	review_date"
"My favorite! Soft	 comfortable and very sexy!!	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVE!!! I am 5'4 220lbs and this wasn't too tight at all. I had ordered a XL!	review_date"
"The smell was horrible like cat piss vvs couldn't even wear for my husband smh cute tho but	review_date"
"Looked perfect	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Really like this party in the front and AFTERPARTY in the back. Very flattering.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 medium/thick build and it fits really nice showing off the right parts!!	review_date"
"Avidlove Women's Fishnet Lingerie Mesh Hole Strap...	review_date"
"Does not fit well and is uncomfortable due to the alignment of the back strings. It does arrive quickly and well packaged.	review_date"
"Looked absolutely amazing on my wife.	review_date"
"Was alright not what expectef	review_date"
"Honestly even if you only wear once it鈥檚 totally fun! Fits great! I am 5鈥? 120 lbs	review_date"
"Amazing fit!	review_date"
"I love how the top part of the dress hugs your chest.. Just a very comfy way to end the night and wait for your spouse to come home type of outfit. 5 stars all day!	review_date"
"Love it!! My husband loves it on me.. Thank u!!	review_date"
"Gorgeous !!	review_date"
"WIFE LIKE IT AND LOOKS GREAT IN IT	review_date"
I love this outfit! Highly recommended. Comfortable and flattering. I got red :) My boyfriend loved it too 
"I love the form fitting feel while hunting copperhead snakes. Forget the club ladies.... there's nothing better while hunting for them snakes wearing something form-fitting that simply hugs your body nicely	 free flowing arm movement	 spacious piece of bodywear. I would definitely recommend this product hunting copperheads. Go girls! Buy this! Holla!	review_date"
"Love it! Looks just like the picture and no one else will have this dress.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Sensual and sexy	review_date"
"If you not careful it will rip on the cut areas	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"Very sexy...as expected....i loved it and thinking to order anthor one	...its for curvy bodies and diffently worth it...the color is nice though	review_date"
"Wife loves it and I do too!	review_date"
"Love it	 looks great on my wife	 definitely would recommend.	review_date"
"BEAUTIFUL FIT	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"great look and feel	review_date"
"Love it 馃槏	review_date"
"Wore it out. Looks great with a gstring or without. He loved it!	review_date"
"Love this	review_date"
"I love it! fits snug and looks great!	review_date"
"They love this fishnet	review_date"
"too holey  hard to get on w/ out destroying it	review_date"
"For great! Very sexy.	review_date"
"It fits as expected everything was perfect	review_date"
"lovely hot	review_date"
"Sexy!! Love it	review_date"
"Considering it stretches	 it conforms to your body type. I'm working out	 so the fit will continue to change.	review_date"
"love it! I'm a thick girl and it is just like it says	 One size fits all.	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"So cute	I'm 5'2\250	 perfect fit!""	review_date"
"great!	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"Material is fine	 but don't bother with this one or with other products from the avidlove brand. the sizes are way too small for americans and when I received the product one of the straps were broken on it.	review_date"
"love lounging around in this - sexy and comfy!	review_date"
"Looks amazing on my wife	review_date"
"my wife looks sexy	 i like that...!!!!!!	review_date"
"I got one with a funky cut ... To bad it wad cute	review_date"
"This dress is Lycra and stretches well. I got purple and the color is just like the picture. However	 I am 5'2 and weigh 120 lbs and this dress was too big. It didn't hug my figure at all and was pretty long.	review_date"
"She loves it.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy love it	review_date"
"Tight but it is suppose to be looks great	review_date"
"Very comfortable!	review_date"
"Great fit. I'm a size 11 in jeans \u0026 a 38dd \u0026 looks amazing on. I love it! I want to buy more products from this company 馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"Wife looked extremely hot in this	review_date"
"Did not like this one	review_date"
"Nice dress	 I can see how it would be fun to wear. But to small for me	 I just spill out of it.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Material and fit was expected for cost of product.	review_date"
"Fits and looks great!	review_date"
"Runs real easy. You'll probably get only one use out of it but looks nice.	review_date"
"Nice.	review_date"
"thin but does the job intended	review_date"
"Sexy set	review_date"
"LOOKS GREAT!!	review_date"
"I love this! It fits perfectly	  super sexy. I'm 5'6	 150 pounds	 36b. I got a large and it fits absolutely perfect!!	review_date"
"Worked	review_date"
"Fit great. I would Recommend	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable fits	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfectly. She's 5'10\ 145lbs I ordered her a medium and I like it	 so did she!""	review_date"
"This is soo cutee.. good for gift for a friend that getting married!	review_date"
"Love it! Super sexy!	review_date"
"Dame! But nice	review_date"
"Love these fish net dresses. They cover a lot of ills. But	 really sexy	 hubby loves them too! Quality	 quality lasts a lot longer then you would think. Have some fun!	review_date"
"I used it as a bathing suit cover on the fourth of july. It was a stretchy comfortable fit and the back allowed my bathing suit to be seen but not my tummy lol	review_date"
"Works good	 had a great night.	review_date"
"Fit very well	review_date"
"Love this little dress. fits as expected. I bought another one for my wife.  Hand wash only.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Very sexy on	review_date"
"Nice material	 very flexible and sexy!!	review_date"
"Great for the clubs	review_date"
"It fits perfect. My favorite for now. I'm 5'5 and I have weight on me. My husband loves it even more.	review_date"
"Nice	 fit fine	 but shorter than in photo. I am 5' 9\ and 150.""	review_date"
"Wife loved it!	review_date"
"I'm a size 18 and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"the wife loves it as well as myself	review_date"
"Very flattering. made me feel super sexy.	review_date"
"So small cups.	review_date"
"Love it! Can wear without or without a bra.	review_date"
"Nice fit.	review_date"
"I buy a lot of stripper outfits and it鈥檚 hard to get one that鈥檚 long enough for me and fits me well. This dress is great!!! It鈥檚 long and it fits tightly but it鈥檚 so stretchy that it will fit almost anyone comfortably.	review_date"
"He loved it ! I loved how it fit as well	review_date"
"Super cute	 durable	 nice material	 spandexy and sexy.	review_date"
"Love the way i look in it. Im very picky being a size 18 but i really like it!!	review_date"
"mesh \u0026 heels = LOVE!!!	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"It fits great love it	review_date"
"Very sexy. Good value for the money.	review_date"
"Love it	 fits great	 hugs the curves!! Couldn't be happier	review_date"
"As expected	review_date"
"Fits the wife perfect.	review_date"
"Loved it! It's actually comfortable and feels better than I thought it would.	review_date"
"Thanks to this lil dress thing I had some bomb ass sex. Made my girl like even more of a snack and I turned into the energizer bunny and just kept going.	review_date"
"Fits pergect... very flattering	review_date"
"Very sexy!!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Great fit true to size.	review_date"
Achieves desired results 
"Love it	 very sexy!	review_date"
Bought this for my wife. It is Awesome! Looks amazing on her. 5'3\.  Petite body and it looks so good.  Very happy guy 
"Very nice	 stretchy and cover all the right spots. Thought it might be too short but it covers my upper thighs.	review_date"
"Sexy	 sexy sexy! This little dress hugs all the right places and reveals just enough to be tantalizing. My husband loved it. =) Not nearly as long on me as on the model (hit about 2 inches below my crotch) but works and for my purpose	 length didn't matter. I am 5'10\ tall with a long waist and a 37\"" (34D) Bust	 29\"" Waist and 40\"" Hip.""	review_date"
"Very nice quality!  Sizzle....	review_date"
"Fits well	 great dress	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 very appealing	review_date"
"Cheaply designed	review_date"
"Like it but to small in the breast area	review_date"
"So comfortable	 so cute - hubby loved it! Going to order another one in a different color	review_date"
"GREAT and SEXY.	review_date"
"Love it :)	review_date"
"Very comfortable and nice fit!	review_date"
"Justo lo que esperaba.. muy satisfecha	review_date"
"Loves how it hugs every curve	review_date"
"Great very nice stuff yall make	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Looks great fits well on take appointment	review_date"
"Super cute	 fast delivery	review_date"
"Very hot!	review_date"
"This outfit is super hot! I bought it for my girlfriend to wear during our anniversary getaway and it did not disappoint. Enough of my drooling over it	 about the outfit. A lot of lingerie on here is what we call \Chinese sized\"" and a joke for American women to wear unless you're extremely small. This fit very well	 stretched everywhere it needed to stretch for an American woman. The material was different then many of the outfits we've been buying	 it felt more durable and soft. We were very impressed with the quality and sizing of the outfit so we definitely recommend it and plan on trying out more outfits made from this company.""	review_date"
"I liked but did not fit	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"I love it!!!!!!! Its stretchy and fits amazing! Definitely buying the rest of the colors!! I mean my husband was very happy!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a size 22 with a pouch and this fits great.  Hubby walked in as I was trying it on and it had the exact effect I wanted. Will be buying more. Great for plus size women. If you have really large breasts it will be a little snug up top but it keeps the girls in place.	review_date"
"My guy loved it.  I ordered the small. I am 5'2 110lbs 36A.  Small was perfect.  Its a keeper and the price is right.  Good quality for the price...	review_date"
"Super stretchy	 fits a wide range of shapes and sizes	 I felt the \boob area\"" was a little small for me however but it got the uh	 job done "
"I'm 5'2\ 110lbs 32DD and this wasn't as tight as I expected. I also thought the neckline was too high for what's supposed to be a sexy piece. I'm too lazy to return it but I won't be wearing.""	review_date"
"It looks really good once it's on and husband loved it. It is super tight and after I take it off I can breath normally again. If your bigger that a B up top	 don't bother.	review_date"
"It was a gift and she loves it and I like looking at her in it.	review_date"
"fit and looked great bf loved it	review_date"
"Looks beautiful and my imperfect body!	review_date"
"very sexy	 hot	review_date"
"Too small for us busty girls. Seems well made just wished it came in a bigger size!	review_date"
"Looks Great on.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"While this was really pretty	 it didn't really have the same amount of stretch as other similar outfits.	review_date"
"I Love this piece of lingerie. I took some pictures so you ladies could see how it fits I just put a black slip underneath. It is form fitting and covers the front but bares the back. leaves your significant other wanting more. Teases just the right amount. The fabric is sturdy but very streatchy and not cheaply made. It does have a tag on it but it is made to just rip of with ease and you wont damange the dress. this is very sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Too small. I expected the most quality.	review_date"
"Super Sexy. True Size 16 fit perfectly	review_date"
"Great product.	review_date"
"Much smaller than I thought it would be	review_date"
"Boob area is very small.	review_date"
"Looks great!!	review_date"
"Love iT !!!	review_date"
"the fit is too smal	review_date"
"Not a great fit and material is kinda itchy.  Planned to return but didn't feel like going through the hassle. Ended up just throwing it away. Such a waste of money.	review_date"
"It's a cute concept but no way does it really \one size fits most\"". Unless most means size small only. It stretches but not enough for even a medium.""	review_date"
"It's okay wouldn't buy it again. The material is more like a fishnet that what I expected. I thought it would be more like a spandex.	review_date"
"It was ok.	review_date"
"never buy this	 bad quality is not like show in the picture plus is small like you can put it to a female of 4 years old.	review_date"
"This little thing is super comfortable. has breast support and adjustable straps. Stretchy and you dont have to fight to get it on. looks like it fits like a glove but it just lays against your body. I wore a black slip under but I wanted you ladies to see how it fits. This is sexy and your breast is completly covered with a tad bit of cleavage. But the dress bares the rest. Trust me if your significant other is anything like mine they will be pawing at you drooling. You can do so much with this and is really comfortable even to sleep in.	review_date"
"LOVE-LOVE-LOVE this sexy	 see through piece.  Fits true to size.  Bought a small"
"It looks like the picture	 but obviously	 I am not a model	 so it looks like me in it. After reading the reviews that it fits big	 I bought a medium	 I should have gone with the large. I am 5'2\	 155 pounds and 36DD I am curvy.t fitted ok but I am afraid it will shrink Not sure yet if I will return it for a larger one. This one barely covers my big butt. The fabric is not soft though.""	review_date"
"This is very soft	 absolutely beautiful on	 and nicely hides a lot of figure flaws without looking like that's what it's doing.  Order at least size lower than you think you are	 as it fits very large.  I ordered an XL because I didn't want it to fit tightly	 but really should have gotten a medium.	review_date"
"For reference I am 5'8\ 155 lb 36DD. I ordered the purple ad white. The white is real white. I ordered the large and they are way to big. I am reordering in a medium. The quality is pretty good no loose threads	 we are not looking at a designer silk gown here but don't plan to keep it on long.""	review_date"
"I'm a size 16-18 and XL fits great.	review_date"
"Sizing is right on. I wear a large and ordered a large. Lace is nice and not scratchy. Delicately sweet but yet very sexy. Have been disappointed on numerous occasions previously when it comes to misleading sizes especially on lingerie but love that the sizing is true to fit on this brand.	review_date"
"So often garment such as this that is made in China	 run too small.  I did order the next larger size	 and it is somewhat too large.  I'm not returning it because I like it.  I'm going to try and shrink it somewhat in the dryer.  I would say it would fit as you expect...Order your size.	review_date"
"Very large. If you are a size 12 or below do not order large.	review_date"
"Runs large... I had to use some red thread and take a few tucks in the neckline and the shoulder strap.....but other than the size running large.. .it looks really good on.  The panties are almost non existent... I replaced them with a red thong I had that fit better.  You can wear it as it is.. or if you want a bit more modesty wear a camisole under it... looks good either way	review_date"
"Will be contacting the company to return this item... the small was as big as a large t-shirt... loved the color though and if it would have fit it would have been very sexy	review_date"
"Bought this for a weekend away with hubby	 and I really like this piece of lingerie. Hubby does too. It is soft and comfortable. Shipping and delivery was quick and easy. Thank you	review_date"
"This is a really pretty set but too big. I'm 5'5\ 134lbs and I ordered the small but the shoulders are so wide that the piece just falls right off. I can make it work with some adjusting by taking in the shoulders but I'm still disappointed and I wish the seller was more accurate in the sizing description.""	review_date"
"I'm 5 months pregnant	 5'8\	 about 188 when I started pregnancy and am about 195 now	 38ddd	 and this is still too large. I wish I had gotten the large	 but might keep it for further along in pregnancy.""	review_date"
"I would have fit as expected but it was sown crooked.  The front seam at neck was wider ( i.e.: no gathers)  than back neck seam ( that was slightly gathered). This caused the fit to be off.  I returned the product \u0026 received a full refund	review_date"
"buy one size smaller	 but this is beautiful	 so nice I can't believe the price and it is very forgiving if your on the pump side. I'	 4\10 and 160 but it is very sexy	 short but hides the thighs. It's GORGEOUS I ordered anther one in red.""	review_date"
"I love it and my hubby loves it too :)	review_date"
"I really liked this dress. It's cute and nice little dress. My only complaint is the texture of the fabric. It's a little tiny bit scratchy	 but since it's kinda big	 it doesnt touch you that much.  I am 5' 2'' 144 lbs somewhat muscular	review_date"
"Love it	 runs big... tied it in a knot at the bottom \u0026 was still cute!	review_date"
"Beautiful shade of pink	 soft	 touchable.  Will make great \fun\"" night at home or a cover up @ the beach.  Love it.""	review_date"
"Well	 this is just a big piece of lace.  It鈥檚 very awkward.  I wouldn鈥檛 buy it having read this review I just made...so don鈥檛!	review_date"
"Pretty	 but super short. Fits like a shirt and doesn't go beyond my waist.	review_date"
"The husband loves this one and so do I. I would purchase a smaller size for sure. I'm 5'9\ and 145# and a medium was too big. I purchased a small as well and it fit much better.""	review_date"
"It reveals all. If that's what you're looking for you won't be disappointed. The panties for me are just a no	 no. Think it will look good with a pair of boy shorts underneath.	review_date"
"Nice quality	 but as others have indicated	 fits quite large.  I usually order a medium for my wife ( 5 ft. 7 in	 135 lbs) and ordered a small and it looks like it will be on the big side.	review_date"
"Kinda loose in the shoulders	 straps don't stay in place for long	 that's a good or bad thing depending on who you are	review_date"
"Beautiful and the lace is very soft	review_date"
"Bought this for my fianc茅e as a Valentine鈥檚 Day gift for myself. Lol. Looked amazing on her for the 30 seconds she got to wear it. Fit perfect. Pretty sure I鈥檓 gonna be a dad now so	 feel free to find more of my reviews in the baby section 馃槀	review_date"
"Very happy with this item.  Very sexy on my wife.  Little spice to an older couple.  Ordered one in hot pink.  CC	review_date"
"Bought this as an anniversary gift for my wife and she loves it more than i do somehow! She wears it around the house because its so comfortable!	review_date"
"I have bought several different ones in various colors and am happy with all of them. Soft material	 sexy and reasonably priced. My husband loves all of them! I highly recommend any of the chemisis from this company.	review_date"
"The material wasn't as soft as some of their other products but it looks just like the pictures. The underwear didn't fit right (one side was shorter than the other so if I lined up the crotch area	 the backside was crooked) and it runs a little big. I am 5'3 and 135lbs and ordered a small. I wear a size 6-8 in jeans and normally fit into a medium but the small fit just right.	review_date"
"Loved the way this looked! Was slightly big in the shoulders. Perfect for celebrating. One of my favorites.	review_date"
"Fabric was a bit stiff/scratchy and had a lot of static right out of the package.  A couple washes and some fabric softener later	 and it is ok.  This chemise is comfortably loose and flowing.  Husband loves it! :-)	review_date"
"It's very pretty. I feel comfortable and feminine in it. Its classy but sexy.	review_date"
"I am 5'7\ and 180lbs.	 ordered XXL and had to return. Company was great.""	review_date"
"Doesnt look like picture	review_date"
"I absolutely love this and the size is correct for the United States of America.  Very nice	 light and breezy	 not a cheap piece of crap.	review_date"
"FABULOUS! Great material REALLY GREAT! I am a USA size 14 and got an XL fits perfectly! I will order again from this vendor!	review_date"
"I wear a medium in everything	 but this was way to big.	review_date"
"Really love this outfit and so did the bf. I'm 5'6	 190 lbs	 usually an XL in clothing.	review_date"
"What the deuce.  I could have sworn I ordered a small but this thing came and could fit 4 of me	review_date"
"Nice material but pretty wide. I am petite and 5' 2' so it just kinda falls off.	review_date"
"Super soft and comfy lace	 not cheap feeling or rough lace. Super sexy and elegant	 it is not form fitting but flowing and loose.	review_date"
"I love it is sexy at the same time delicate and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Super cute on. Nice to even just run around the house in. I wear an XL normal in lingerie so I ordered an XXL just t have it flowy and wish I would have gotten a size down. True to color on the burgundy. Would recommend.	review_date"
"This comfortable chemises could have softer mesh.	review_date"
"Really cute! And I love how it looks on.	review_date"
"This is one of my favorites and one of my husband's favorites too!	review_date"
"Very hot. material not too cheap. Serves it's purpose for some fun in the bedroom.	review_date"
"This is so incredibly sexy!  Perfect fit \u0026 very soft.	review_date"
"This was a gift.  It was beautiful and soft.  I think the bride will love it	review_date"
"This was a beautiful chemise	 but unfortunately too large	 so I returned it. The quality was very good.	review_date"
"Cute as a button with a little camisole underneath!	review_date"
"Pretty	 but a little big	review_date"
"It is a tad large	 so I may order another one in another color in a smaller size to see. I do recommend this item. It just depends on your frame and how tight you want it to be.	review_date"
"for price expected much less... fabric is comfy and if it stays on all night will not bother skin... lol...	review_date"
"Great item	review_date"
"Sized too large	review_date"
"Cheaply made	 so it is made over large. Nice if you need it for one day though just to spice things up!	review_date"
"Very sexy! The lace-theme is perfect for the 13th anniversary.	review_date"
"Will never wear it	review_date"
"Love this set its comfortable and beautiful	review_date"
"I give it two snaps and a thumbs up!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! It鈥檚 vwry feminine \u0026 flirty. (My husband likes it too!)	review_date"
"I love this nightie. It looks amazing on and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very romantic and sexy	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"Pretty lace but order a size down...big	review_date"
"I love this but I would suggest you order two sizes up if you want it to have a loose fit.	review_date"
"Very pretty but a liilte larger than I thought	review_date"
"It wasn't scratchy. My wife won't wear scratchy.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! I bought it for my honeymoon. It鈥檚 so comfortable and makes me feel very sexy. I鈥檝e been wearing it to bed and just around when we are inside during the day. Absolutely perfect.	review_date"
"A great buy	review_date"
"Its really flattering for us chubby girls	 its cute and pretty well made	review_date"
"so pretty	review_date"
"It fit perfect. I wear it to work as a layer	 very cool.	review_date"
"Looks great on! It's light weight delicate lace. You'll need to handle with care. It can easily get snagged or rip. I wore it to sleep in. It was perfectly comfortable for me.	review_date"
"Fit better than expected. I recently lost 30 lbs 5'6 180 lbs now and I was really leery about purchasing lingerie again. I have not worn it in years (5) and I've been married for 19 years. Needless to say my husband was so shocked and loved it! I was very comfortable and felt sexy!	review_date"
"My wife loves it. We don't usually buy outfits that hang off the shoulders like this but as always	 my wife looks great in it!	review_date"
"Looks and feels nice	 but thong was too small and chemise too big.	review_date"
"I ordered a med and should have a small but still ok very sexy!	review_date"
"This gown was exactly like the picture and it looks and fits beautiful!	review_date"
"Nice quality	review_date"
"Love the way it fits my wife.	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfy to sleep in.  Love it.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits great and the lacy is actually comfortable. No scratchy feel	review_date"
"This product is absolute lovely - classy yet sexy.	review_date"
"Soft pretty very nice!	review_date"
"Too small towards the bottom really big around the top. I have broad shoulders and DD's	 so this was awkward.  Lol Bought my size XL. Really pretty though.	review_date"
"This is great! I鈥檓 excited to surprise my husband after he gets home from a long trip.	review_date"
"Simple	 sexy	 comfortable...and my husband loved it. A+ from us!	review_date"
"This lingerie is for larger women and is roomy . The color was nice	 but the shoulder cutouts felt awkward and the bodice was baggy.	review_date"
"Sexy without feeling too exposed.	review_date"
"Top was way to loose.  Wouldn't stay on me and the g string was so small I couldn't even get it on.  Sizes are misleading.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy on!	review_date"
"Perfect fit- color is deep purple. Open shoulders is a nice touch.	review_date"
"So cute....fit perfectly. Love this	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Very comfy for allover lace.	review_date"
"Nice very happy with product	review_date"
"Nice fabric!	review_date"
"The sizing is quite roomy and the chemise looks very pretty on.  Purple is a good color for a change from black.	review_date"
"馃槉馃榿馃槉馃榿	review_date"
"Hoooooooot.	review_date"
"This product was basically a t-shirt.  It looks nothing like the pictures shown here.  It is way too small.	review_date"
"Very complimentary	review_date"
"Looks really cute	review_date"
"Suppose I ordered it too big but the fabric is surprisingly stretchy	 sadly I needed it to be less stretchy lol but overall it was worth the price I suppose	review_date"
The shape just did not fit right.  It does not look anything like it does on the model.  I ordered a size smaller than what I expected to need and it was still too big.  It looked like I was wearing a tent.  Not at all sexy in the fitting.  The straps at the top did not want to sit on my shoulders like shown on the model
"G-String is really	 really small.	review_date"
"Love this and very sexy on.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"The top was somewhat large but in a sexy way hanging off the shoulders and the thong was a good fit.	review_date"
"sexy	 good quality	review_date"
"A little large but my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Very well made	 soft and true to size.	review_date"
"Beautiful!!!	review_date"
"Wayyyy too small! I bought a M even though I鈥檓 more of a small than a medium.  The leg part was digging into my leg and the waist band was much thinner than pictured.  Not cute	review_date"
"Super Comfy material and fit perfectly loose and sexy like the picture	 very happy I bought this! A++	review_date"
"Item does not look like the photo. The sleeves and entire dress for that matter were too wide.	review_date"
"Very pretty and soft material.  Good quLity	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Love this! Material feels good. No complaints.	review_date"
"I Purchased a large I should鈥檝e gotten a small it runs fairly large I am 36DD I will return and  purchased a smaller size	review_date"
"Top fit panties to small I'm a hippy chick :-} Very Cute!	review_date"
"top was good	 but the panties were a little small.  Overall it was nice.	review_date"
"Fits great and the wife loves it. I have to admit I like the way she looks in it.	review_date"
"i love it but had to take it in. it was way to big. i needed to order 2 size smaller than what i am.	review_date"
"Love it and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Was just a little large	 but then the lady it was bought for was quite petite.  A beautiful piece that worked well.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Precious but gigantic. I missed the note about ordering 1 size down. My 38 32 42 would've done better in a L	 maybe even a M.	review_date"
"I'm really happy with the purchased it look so delicate and sensual my husband loved it	review_date"
"I love this!!	review_date"
"It's good but the size unexpected	review_date"
"Flimsy.	 cheap material and fits way too big. I'm returning this item.	review_date"
"nice	 but is alittle too big	review_date"
"I love this piece of lingerie. This lace chemise was very nice and very sexy! The lace is so soft. Adds a nice touch of enticement for the evening!	review_date"
"I really like this one ! It's sexy and wears great!!	review_date"
"Runs huge	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"I bought size S and its just how i expected it to be	review_date"
"Soft	 beautiful lace	 very sexy	 and nice for pick-a-boo pretties underneath ...fits great on me as a XXL	review_date"
"Cute. Just way too big	review_date"
"I feel nice	review_date"
"I like this	 it fits well.	review_date"
"Was Perfect! Fiance LOVED IT!	review_date"
"Really great for a maternity photo shoot!	review_date"
"Loved it! Looked awesome on me! Great for the occasion!	review_date"
"the material is not very soft. I order a medium size and it is huge.	review_date"
"Let's just say this was well received!	review_date"
"Not worth the money.  Not true to size	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Wife likes it	 she wore it on a special weekend.	review_date"
"Very sexy! It's a pleaser!	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Great sexy sleep lingerie. Will be reordering another color.	review_date"
"It was too big	 did not fit right.	review_date"
"Cheap and flimsy. Poor quality.	review_date"
"Very sexy for entertainment.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"It looked  like I expected pretty good	review_date"
"This fits perfectly and makes me feel amazing.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Overall fitted well. However you may want to hand wash	 material is thin and frail.	review_date"
"Wish I could give no stars	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"Loved it !!	review_date"
"Perfect. Love the piece.	review_date"
"I thought it was going to look cheap but it doesn't	 it's actually really cute.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy	 and beautiful!	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Very comfortable and fits well	review_date"
"looks as nice on my wife as I thought it would	review_date"
"All I can say is OH YEAHHHHH	review_date"
"my girlfriend loves it	review_date"
"Love this chemise!	review_date"
"Somewhat large	review_date"
"Lovely as it looks.	review_date"
"I absolutely love it and it spiced up my life	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"I like it	but somewhat large	review_date"
"The man loves it! :)	review_date"
"Beautiful lacework although on the underwear or panties I think they need to rework with the American woman's rear end fits into. I would gladly buy this again but I would go one size up larger. If you have broad shoulders or broad hips you might want to rethink your sizing on it. I ordered an extra large and I wear a size 12 pants	review_date"
"This is my favorite lingerie piece I own. Its simple but sexy	 pretty and so comfy to wear! A+ order!!	review_date"
"Avidlove Women's Sexy 2 Piece Lingerie Set Lace Open Cup Bra Babydoll Bodysuit Black SFell apart as soon as my wife tried it on. Poorly made. The stitching was inadequate and could have been done better by a two year old.	review_date"
"Did not receive panty in the bag	review_date"
"Love the color.	review_date"
"I love it	  even though it's a LITTLE big. It's VERY pretty though! I'm usually a size 14.	review_date"
"This lingerie is beautiful!!!!	review_date"
"I read all of the details and reviews about this nighty and have another item by the same brand and the sizing was WAY off on this one. I was swimming in this	 an already loose cut garment. I got an XXL but should have gotten an XL	 which still might have been a little bit big. I'm 5'3\	 190 lbs. and 36DDD. The sleeves were absolutely hanging off of me to where it might have slipped to my waist. Also	 if you have a booty	 the lace between your butt and the neckline puff out in a very unflattering way. I'm going to sew the straps shorter and see if it helps. If you read up on your sizing in the questions and reviews you should do well with Amazon lingerie. Some hit or miss but generally the reviews are right on point.""	review_date"
"great deal	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and I would have to have a 45\ chest for it to stay up on my shoulders. Weird sizing.""	review_date"
"Although the picture of this item is very cute and it may have been great I received a completely different item from the seller. Although it was the correct color and size it did not it all look like this	review_date"
"Love this piece	 but it was a little big amd slides off both shoulders too much. But	 it is sexy and my husband loved it!	review_date"
"There's so many things wrong here. The color is horrible	 material is like a halloween costume and it fits more like a cheap shirt. It is nothing like the picture so don't waste your money.	review_date"
"Not flattering	 at all. Way too large and panties are too small.	review_date"
"Beautiful lace	 but won't stay on me !!!  I put it on	 it falls right off !!!  Should have gotten a smaller size than Large	 for sure !!!	review_date"
"My dear husband purchased two of these items as Christmas gifts for me based off of the reviews	 and size descriptions (we all know how rare it is for a spouse to invest time and energy into choosing lingerie that they would like to see us in so	 it really was a treat). Unfortunately	 when I took the item out of its packaging	 it was in no way as described. He felt completely disappointed	 and disenfranchised by the whole ordeal. He had chosen the items based on the size (S) as well as the description of the item鈥檚 size. He looked up the size chart to be certain. What he wound up purchasing was a black lace Nightie that claimed to be a small. We ended up getting a nightie that still was labeled as a small but	 had a 21(a crossed) inch neck opening	 and a 40 inch waist	 and hip. IN NO WAY ARE THOSE MEASUREMENTS IN LINE WITH A SIZE SMALL!! Not to take anything away from ladies that size	 it鈥檚 just not small. This line should be categorized as 鈥淧lus Size Lingerie鈥?and not be in the same catagory as standard sized lingerie. If you wear any of the same sizes found at Victoria鈥檚 Secret	 this line is NOT for you. Everything will be far too large and disappointing.	review_date"
"Size did not resemble order size!!! Ordered small size delivered xxlarge!!!	review_date"
"I will give this a five star for quality and color but	 following their charts I first ordered a size XXL for 44 inch breasts	 it was huge and quickly fell off shoulders and on to the floor. So i ordered two sizes smaller to see how that works. The seller very quickly credited paypal on my return shipment and sent a size L. I'll report in more detail on the L size.L size report: The size large body fit a 44\ bust perfectly and was not baggy (as shown in picture) in the body. However	 the neck opening was still too large and the straps too far apart. The very tiny holes at the shoulder pulled he straps off the shoulder and the blouse fell down to the front top of the breasts	 There is absolutely no way to keep this beautifully made dress on your shoulders. The neck hole needs to be smaller	 straps closer together	 and the exposed shoulder holes about 4 times bigger. So	 despite the excellent construction and glamor	 I lower my rating to a 2*. Redesign the top and it will be a 5*.""	review_date"
"I am totally in love with this piece of lingerie that I ordered. It is a stretchy lace material that is sheer and see through. You can wear it two different ways	 off the shoulders or on the shoulders. It has a fringe all along the bottom and on the arms. I got an x large and it fits loose and flowing which is perfect for the way it is suppose to look. I cant upload the pictures that I have for some reason....But I guarantee this is a must have	review_date"
"AMAZING! so sexy and fits so awesome! fits baggy and looks so good with a little black bra under it. it osnt scratchy like alot of lace is and has just a bit to stretch to it. i HIGHLY recommend this!	review_date"
"I ordered an XL which is what I normally wear as I like extra room on the top	 but the XL was quite large.  I could have easily fit into a large	 but the thong was adjustable so it fit perfectly.  The quality of the fabric and the stitching was fine and overall the outfit I would recommend to anyone	 just one size smaller than usual.	review_date"
"Nunca llego el paquete	review_date"
"Love how sexy I feel in this! The material is so soft. I鈥檓 def not big chested but it still fits well. The thong that comes with it definitely did not fit or it did but didn鈥檛 cover much so I just put on a pair of panties I already had. I would  definitely order this again! I鈥檓 a size 16-18 pants and I ordered a size XXL I probably could have gone with a Xl so that it would fit my boobs a little more snug.	review_date"
"I love this! The material is soft and has stretch. It lays great! I don鈥檛 like thongs so u just paired it with my own matching boy shorts! It was more see through than i thought	 but that鈥檚 fineI got the 22/24 I鈥檓 normally a 24/26 on bottom but since there鈥檚 a slit	 it fits fine. 馃憣馃徑	review_date"
"Fits exactly as expected. Material is a lot softer than it looks. Very comfy. I plan on buying in the rest of the colors available. I am a size 16 dress	 with 38F breasts. I bought the 1x.	review_date"
"I am very busty. I weigh 230	 5'4	 chest size is 44G and normally wear 1x in shirts and 16 in pants and dresses can vary from 14W to 16. Reading the reviews that its short and  small	 I wanted this to be looser and longer and I ordered a 28W... i went extreme. I got the red one in this size and it was way too big. I returned it and got a 22W and its perfect!  Alos I picked a different color because red was like an ORANGY RED not really red. Very bright so I returned and got dark purple. I would say for someone who doesn't want this tight on them should go 3 sizes up and if you want it a tight fit go 2 sizes up. If you area large plus size person go with the darker colors since this is a shimmery shiny piece and tends to mold to your body.	review_date"
"I am size 18/20 and I got a 3X. the bust is a little small but my bust is large for my size. I ordered a few lingerie pieces from amazon and this was the only one I kept. The mesh is soft and stretchy. None of the lace itches at all. The thong size matches the size of the babydoll. I may order another color as well.	review_date"
"I've never bought lingerie from Amazon	 so I didn't know what to expect	 but I am very happy with my purchase! I'm a true plus-sized girl"
"Finally a sexy piece of lingerie that flatters plus size women! This babydoll was soft and sexy. The straps were adjustable	 so I was able to tighten them for a little extra oomph. There was a slit down one side	 not sure what purpose this really served	 but it made the sizing a little more lax. The g string it came with was useless	 which is why I鈥檓 taking off a star	 but the top is worth the money. I wish there was a little more support for the breasts. After having two kids	 my girls don鈥檛 sit as high or as full as they used to	 so they could have used a little extra push	 but honestly they still looked great in the piece 馃槈. My husband went crazy for this. I bought the 2xl and wear a size 2x in tops or 18 and I carry a lot of my weight around my middle.	review_date"
"I have nothing bad to say about this. I normally wear a 18-20	 that's what I bought and it fit PERFECT. I love the adjustable straps as well. Slit is in the perfect spot.	review_date"
"I am in between sizes in my general wardrobe and lingerie is no different	 so every time I just have to go with my best judgment on sizing. If it doesn't work out I know I can return it for a different size. I was very excited when I tried this lingerie piece on!! I run between sizes 8-12 (m-xl). I know that is a wide range	 but I tend to fluctuate and every brand fits so differently on my body. I am a size 38D	 and I purchased a size large in black (all other colors were sold out). It fit perfectly on my body!! This piece is very sultry and vintage	 which I absolutely LOVE. Fits true to size.	review_date"
"Its okay but I don't feel as sexy as I wanted to in it. The slit is a little awkward and goes way up my stomach. Its also a little big.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 the color was a little different than purchased - I got the wine and it鈥檚 a little lighter/less of a sultry red and more like a red raspberry shade.The fabric/construction is way beyond my expectations. It鈥檚 soft	 made well	 super comfy	 and looks great on. I鈥檓 going to buy a few more for nightgowns! With a pear body shape	 I鈥檓 usually right in between a 2X and 3X - huge hips but narrower shoulders (17鈥?between my waist and hips	 haha) . I like the slit because it allowed me to size down without a ton of worry! The 2X was perfect.The underwear it comes with are useless though.	review_date"
"This is very sexy and fits okay	 I just wish the flap in the front wasn't so open.  It looked kinda icky when I didn't have panties on so I highly recommend a sexy pair of black panties that you are comfy in to bring it all together.  No support at all for the girls so if you need that you may have to wear a sexy bra with it.  I am a 265lb	 6'1	 D cup with most of my weight in stomach area and this really was sexy but my boobs were just kind if like blah....meaning not perky and lacked cleavage if you catch my drift.  Soft	 silky	 stretchy.  Will be enjoying again soon.	review_date"
Fits like I expected. 260#
"I鈥檝e never written an amazon review in my entire life but after this I felt I had to because I want every woman that is self conscious or feels like they won鈥檛 look sexy in stuff like this to buy one of these! When it arrived I was afraid to put it on because I鈥檓 a bigger girl but after I put it on my confidence improved so much	 the material is soft and smooth	 not too tight not too loose	 not itchy at all	 I could lay in this thing all day! I wear a bra size 38DDD and the Large fit perfect! So happy with this I want this in every color!	review_date"
"Really cute baby doll lingerie. The purple color is really pretty. My DDs fit the way I wanted in the XL. Made me feel good about myself. The only downside were the panties. If you have any type of curves or a bit of extra padding on your hips	 expect that they will not fit flatteringly	 as they run small. I used other panties I had for this. I would have liked to have worn the set together but since my husband didn鈥檛 seem to mind.. neither did I.馃槈	review_date"
"I鈥檓 currently not height/weight proportioned. A whopping 280lbs and short. Naturally very Leary about sexy lingerie	 but none of those things keep me from buying it. This babydoll fit my body perfectly and I felt sexy. Yes there is a split that showed my big belly	 however	 I have a man that truly loves my every curve and bulge. He made me feel even sexier in it. 馃槈 The thong	 oh please	 I didn鈥檛 even bother. I most certain intend to buy again	 different colors.	review_date"
"for the price it's ok	 it's not the best made item but it's cute on. It runs small so if in doubt go larger. The material stretches everywhere but in the waist so if your thick waisted	 go 2 sizes up. The thong comes in a \one-size fits toothpicks\"" so don't expect to use it if you are plus sized.""	review_date"
"Perfect....fits perfect!!!...flattering...beautiful....I bought it in wine color also...I love it !!!! LOVE IT !!!!	review_date"
"Bought it 2 size up because I believe they are sized for Asian sizes.  But it is cute better quality than I thought it would be. Husband has no complaints.	review_date"
"Nice one!But if you are in a serious relationship and want to make your man really happy	  you may need more than just this lingerie. Be supportive	 positive and optimistic. Make him feel that you support him and everything will be fine	 and  if you do everything will be really fine and you both will be really happy.	review_date"
"THIS IS SO BEAUTIFUL! It was made well	 I have a big butt and thongs usually don't fit or break but these fit very well!!! The lingerie is sexy	 it'll cover a belly and the split on the side opens just enough for a sexy tease!! I'm a big woman and this fit incredibly!!! I absolutely love it!!!! BUY IT!!!	review_date"
"First off..I'm 5'5 210lbs and west a 44c. I bought the one in purple xxl and the bust fits quite nice I have a wider hanging stomach and the slit is right at that lower stomach area...if I went a size up it would have been lower but the bust would have been a lot looser. The material is nice and in my opinion not cheap or thin-like. The straps are pretty sturdy and adjustable..I will buy again in another color..its pretty and flattering	review_date"
"I'm always weary about purchasing items like this online but I'm so glad I did. The set is true to size and so flattering! The bra top has just enough support (although I'm not a big chest size) for me and the material laid perfectly against my silhouette. I will be purchasing other colors to keep this in my wardrobe!	review_date"
"It could have fit better. The dental floss wasn't really my style but overall the quality was good and I would recommend it.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful item with soft lace	 but one of the straps was twisted. It was sewn so securely	 i did not change it. The thong was a waste. Really cheap-triangle and strings. It would jave been nice if the thong had the soft fabric of the top.	review_date"
"Super cute	 decent quality for the price	 but runs small!! I wear a 14	 and things are usually loose on me	 but this was really tight. I don't mind so much because it's lingerie	 but I wish it was a size up. I definitely wouldn't call this a 'plus size' item.	review_date"
"A bit small even when applying measurements provided. Chest fit weird because there was no support. I'm a DD and that model is definitely wearing some kind of bra to get that lift. Lol Makes for a good one-time bodice ripper.	review_date"
"I love the way this drapes. It's very flattering and flows nicely over the stomach and hips instead of clinging. The fabric is very soft and comfortable as well. I am ordering it in every color now that I've tried it!	review_date"
"Mine doesn鈥檛 have a slit and also didn鈥檛 come with the matching underwear.	review_date"
"I ordered an x large as the chart states would fit me.  Well the panties actually fall off and no matter how tight I tighten the straps there is way to much material. It鈥檚 like it鈥檚 an xx large.  Wish I could return!	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy. Bf loved it. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 200lbs	 and a 40d. The xl fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I loved it. The fit was great just wish there was more support for the boobs. But had to return b/c there was a tear in the lace area however	 I will be ordering another one and other colors as well.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved it...great fabric very comfy	 came with a matching gstring both items fit very well..(order ur size bcuz mine ran true to size) I'm 5'2 135lbs 36DDand I ordered a large fits great the only reason for 4 stars is it could use a little more support for the girls but overall pleased with my purchase now to see what my hubby thinks "
"I ordered 1 size up from what I usually wear	 because of the rating here	 but it was still too small.  sending it back.  It's well made	 and a great buy for the price.	review_date"
"LOVE this	 and so did my partner. Fit perfect based off the size chart. The material does have some give to it. So if it鈥檚 a tad too small I don鈥檛 think it would effect the fit too much.	review_date"
"Although the g string got twisted up and the crotch part is a little small for me	 it overall is a great fit.	review_date"
"Bought this for a bachelorette gift. It was definitely nice. I would however	 suggest	 that packaging change. Make it a little nicer. But then again it is inexpensive. Plus	 I don鈥檛 think the groom minds the packaging hahaha	review_date"
"He loved and I felt comfortable and sexy	 the g string is trash but worth it.	review_date"
"Like this! Fits well and very flattering! Valentine鈥檚 Day hit for sure.	review_date"
"This is so cute and very flattering. It鈥檚 made of nice stretchy material. Can鈥檛 wait to put it to some good use!	review_date"
"Super stretchy and flattering! I'm a size 22 and it looks great!  Holds in my double D's and has a good length. By far my best Amazon lingerie purchase to date.	review_date"
"this is the most beautiful piece ever. I just had a baby 3 months ago and went on a weekend getaway with my fiance and never felt sexier. I am a pear shaped 46d 18-20 275 5'5 and it fit beautifully and very flattering.	review_date"
"The cups aren't very supportive	 but I am happy with it	 it's pretty and made well.	review_date"
"Great quality and nice material	review_date"
"Runs a bit small but super cute	review_date"
"Purchased for a burlesque performance and it worked perfectly. Planning to order more of them.	review_date"
"ZERO BOOB SUPPORT	review_date"
"I was surprised at the quality of this item. The price i was expecting somethint cheaper lol. But It's very nice and it fits great.	review_date"
"My husband favorite little thing...	review_date"
"I love this	 its very soft and flowy	 definitely romantic	 and the fit is as pictured but the color is not. I ordered Purple but it is more of a deep navy blue color. I still gave it 5 stars	 because I can live with the color	 and i love the fit.	review_date"
"Very sexy nighty.	review_date"
"I ordered up and glad I did. Beautiful and sexy. Very well made. Purchased this for a weekend get away with my husband. He loved it and I felt very sexy.	review_date"
"Great price!	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"This thing is so cute! Exactly what I was looking for.	review_date"
"Love it	 love it	 love it!!!!	review_date"
"Fit a little snug. Order a size bigger	review_date"
"Wife loved it	review_date"
"Fits amazingly as I am a bustier girl with a smaller frame. Very very happy with this purchase	review_date"
"I was a bit skeptical at first but this is really nice and it fit great!	review_date"
"Love this! Soft and comfortable. One of my husbands favorites. Makes me feel sexy!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super comfortable	 and not heavy. Straches really nice and would repurchase again.	review_date"
"3X was too small for me. Should have ordered a 4X or another lingerie altogether.	review_date"
"Love this!!!	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"I love the feel. It鈥檚 made for large breasts and it鈥檚 light weight. Not in the same league as expensive lingerie but it is still sexy.	review_date"
"The only thing I would say is \off\"" about it is the lace band - it is very snug	 not a lot of give to it. But other than that	 it is really cute!""	review_date"
"Nice looking piece of hardware	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Wish the thong were bigger to cover our lady parts in the front. It鈥檚 supposed to be a plus size so I鈥檇 expect it to fit better. Other than that	 loved it	review_date"
"I'm 5'10	 230lbs	 42DD. I ordered the 2X and it fits perfectly! Not too short	 and the bust fits really well. Also	 the material is so soft! I was pleasantly surprised by how nice it is. I highly recommend it! I'm very happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Way to small. The 5XL is more like a large	review_date"
"Nice	 but runs small	review_date"
"Perfect! Cannot wait to wear for my man :)	review_date"
"Fit perfect!	review_date"
"very well made	 looks and feels great. definitely a winner.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?ans weight 265lbs	 and this fit very nice and comfortable! Very sexy!	review_date"
"Honestly	 it made my body look better than what I expect. I felt beautiful in it .	review_date"
"So sexy very soft	review_date"
"Love the material. So soft and it stretches. Will be purchasing more in different colors	review_date"
"Fit perfect. Very cute and cozy . Sexy!!	review_date"
"For heavier chested women the straps may be a little small	 I noticed it didn't lift as much as I was expecting. However the fit is just about right.	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"The fabric is so soft and smooth as well as stretchy. It falls so beautifully. Will be buying in other colours. Totally recommend!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it! Fits comfortably and arrived super fast! I would order a size up though. I'm a large and ordered the xl. I can't wait to show the hubby. 馃挄	review_date"
"The underwear are a bit small	review_date"
"I have such a hard time finding nice lingerie and I鈥檓 so happy I bought this. It fit perfectly and it is so comfortable! I felt great in it!	review_date"
"Very soft	 fits just as expected... hubby loved it!  Made me feel sexy!	review_date"
"Great for the price	review_date"
"Love how this looks on me fits very well for a plus size woman as myself	review_date"
"Wife loved it. It fit perfectly and looked even better than the picture showed.	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"Very flattering	review_date"
"Fit perfect. Comfortable	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Arrived quickly and looked great.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"It was a little large in the chest but I was able to rock it! I wore this to Phantom of the Opera and killed it! You wont regret this dress.	review_date"
"very sexy. husband loved it!	review_date"
"Muy bonito	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"goood my man love this	review_date"
"I would everyone to buy because it's beautiful and sexy!!!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 soft	 comfy	 and well made. Everything fit perfectly for me (5'3\ 240lbs size 20 pants	 42DD) I did order a size up though so keep that in mind. I can't wait to surprise the hubs on our honeymoon. Thank you	 I may just have to buy a couple more!""	review_date"
"Exactly like the pictures :) Just the right length and I like that the straps are adjustable. I鈥檓 5鈥? / 115 lbs / 25鈥?waist and the small fits how I like it	 kind of roomy	 not a tight fit by any means.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9	 150 pounds and I got a large. I usually wear a medium	 but I'm glad I sized up. This is SO comfortable. I could wear it to bed every night. And it's an awesome fit.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 normally a large but ordered and X-large based on the bust area. I鈥檓 a 38 DD and wanted to make sure I had plenty of room. It covered pretty well but was majorly lacking in support. I expected it to have little based on the materials and no underwire. Was a comfortable cotton fabric. Though it felt less lingerieish and more like a cute nightgown. Thong was also entirely too big but this is a common occurrence when I buy lingerie.	review_date"
"Super soft and stretchy. I wish I had ordered a medium so that my bust area would be held up better. Fyi order your true size.I am 5 foot 3 in	 144 lbs.	review_date"
"Perfect. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 36B	124lbs- the medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Nightie is soft	 comfortable	 and fits well	 but the bust area is rather small (I normally wear a small/medium and I ordered a medium).  While sleeping	 the girls end up popping out	 so it's maybe best worn for short periods	 rather than overnight.  The included matching g-string is extremely large	 so much so that I can't wear it and will probably throw it away.  Still attractive	 affordable	 and the husband likes it.	review_date"
"If I could give this more than 5 stars I would	 i am inlove with the fabric	 really comfortable and soft. Also loved the lacey design on back. 10 stars for me.! I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS. I got the Navy blue color and it looks exactly as shown on the picture	review_date"
"I love this nightgown! It鈥檚 soft and comfy and very sexy!  That being said	 The packing was very indiscreet. It said on the front 鈥渟exy lingerie鈥?.....so unprofessional!!!	review_date"
"Ordered the 2XL and it fit like a glove. I have a 36 underbust and 48 inch hips and I'm 5'2\. The straps are quite delicate and won't provide much support	 but they're very adjustable! I'm pretty chesty (36D?) and I easily fill the lace cups. The detailing looks cute and it's very soft. Would make an excellent cute sleep outfit but I intend to wear it as a dress for lingerie parties.""	review_date"
"I purchased this nightie based on a previous ADOME nightie purchase	 which I absolutely love. I have virtually no complaints about the first nightie I purchased	 other than it shows my tummy donut a bit more than I'd like. Since the style of this nightie is very similar to the one I previously purchased	 I decided to purchase one size up	 in hope it would give my baker's dozen a bit more room.When I got the nightie and tried it on	 I found it fit even tighter than my original ADOME nightie. I couldn't figure out why there would be such inconsistencies within one brand. Well	 as it turns out	 the nightie I received is not ADOME but rather Avidlove. The nightie looks exactly as it does in the picture	 but is clearly mislabeled.While I like the style of the nightie	 I feel very mislead by the online description. I had narrowed down my search to a few different nighties and ultimately chose this one because it was labeled as ADOME. Had I known this was a different brand	 it might have impacted my purchase. Needless to say	 I feel quite mislead.It's a cute nightie and seems to be constructed well	 but I find it runs quite small	 particularly in the bust. If	 like me	 you have a round stomach and large chest (I'm 38DD)	 I'd say to order one or two sizes above normal	 just to be safe. And again	 to anyone that is considering this purchase because it is ADOME	 know that the nightie you'll receive will be from the Avidlove brand.	review_date"
"I love his nightie so much!!! I鈥檓 kind of petite	 5鈥?鈥?and this fits me perfect! The back is so sexy!!	review_date"
"It is a pretty nightie. I am a 42D. While it fits fine around the chest wall	 the breasts do not fit. The fabric simply is not enough	 so about a third to half your breasts are out. Not super comfy. I thought I had read elsewhere that D and DD women were wearing this fine	 but I don't believe it. If you are small to regular sized on top	 you should be fine	 but us gals with more should probably look elsewhere.	review_date"
"Very nice and soft material.  Feels great on the skin!It showed up on valentine's day	 perfect timing.  Would definitely buy again if there were other options!	review_date"
"But the fit is just right - love the flirty length and the feel is silky smooth.  I purchased a Large and am glad that I did.  Even with a Large	 the fabric really hugs the curves - could get ugly real quick if I gain a few lbs.5'3 143lbs / pant size 8	review_date"
"I have a small figure so since this was too big it wasn't very flattering on	review_date"
"I loved the fit and cut of this. I returned it because the teddy had a weird discoloration in certain areas where it was folded. The main material is like a spandex Cotton blend. Super cute and comfy but has color issues. ( I purchased the red)	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this but the little plastic piece that holds it together broke the very first night. I hate giving it a 2-Star but cmon. Why not use a black metal loop??? Highly disappointed. My husband is disappointed too.	review_date"
"I bought lingerie for my husband. This is the second piece I bought from this company. My husband and I are very happy with the purchase. It鈥檚 classy enough that I feel comfortable wearing it.	review_date"
"Should have gotten a size smaller but it was worth the buy. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 147lbs. Size B Cup. Exactly like the picture.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 at 150lbs	 and I bought two of these in size M/L.  It's very soft and comfortable.  I would purchase more in the future.	review_date"
"Super cute - I am 5'8\ and a curvy 162lbs - fit perfect""	review_date"
"Need to be somewhat busty to look like the model. Since I am not busty	 it didn't look quite the way I wished. I returned it. It does come with adjustable straps though	 which does help.	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\ 145lbs 36B cup and curvy. I purchased a medium and it fits well. The bust area is too large but because the straps are adjustable I was able to make it fit great. Very soft	 good to sleep in. Undies are tighter than I prefer but I have a large rump and would normally wear large underwear anyways""	review_date"
"Fits true to size	 comfy material	 and sexy! My partner has requested it several times :):) the adjustable straps are nice for accommodating different cup sizes	 and the back design is very cute. Great deal for the price!	review_date"
"Love this! If you are on the fence about it	 it's pretty nice. As someone who has bigger breasts than normal	 it doesn't have support	 but somehow it works anyway. Bought the blue one after getting this one.	review_date"
"Girlfriend wanted something comfy to wear and that looked cute. This does a good job	 looks good and doesn't give a over sexy vibe. Holds the boobs without issue 	 5 star for side boob viewage.	review_date"
"The reason I did not return this because I don鈥檛 want to return something  and tried on specially lingerie. The material was nice the color was exactly aa you see in the picture. I do have bigger boobs so maybe that鈥檚 why it didn鈥檛 feel so comfortable but if you鈥檙e a little in the smaller size I would recommend it	review_date"
"Super cute and comfy. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?125 lbs and a small fit. I think a medium would fit as well.	review_date"
"This did not fit right. Had extra fabric hanging off one side. Not flattering at all! And cheaply made	review_date"
"Product is good for the priceThe only problem I had is that it came in dirtyWe wash new cloths anyway but still shouldn鈥檛 receive new items already dirty	review_date"
"I am obsessed with the way this fit me and how silky soft it is! I have had a super hard time trying to find something that worked for my chest	 everything else I tired on was not working out for me!! I needed this for Saturday and was in a time crunch luckily it was the PERFECT fit and arrived right on time!	review_date"
"So comfortable! I am a 34DDD and I could adjust the straps to fit. Material is soft and flattering. The thong is almost an afterthought and I didn't wear it.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up from way I needed and it fit great	  very comfy. Thong was huge though	review_date"
"Soft and sexy lingerie. I would definitely buy from here again. Wish there were more lingerie with this material because it鈥檚 so soft! Sexy design too	review_date"
"She loved it!Purchased bigger size for her as she has larger breast.  We got the xl and it fit her perfectly	review_date"
"This nightie is very comfortable	 and I love how soft the material is.  The lace is not itchy - which has been an issue on my sensitive skin in the past.  Pictures show exactly how it looks on.  Love the back.!	review_date"
"I bought this for a bridal shower and she loved it!  This lingerie is the perfect amount of coverup and naughty.  Best of both worlds.  Thank you!	review_date"
"This is an excellent nightgown	 soft	 well structured and the straps are very adjustable both ways (bigger or smaller/longer or shorter) and the back detail is incredible.	review_date"
"Gave this as a gift \u0026 the recipient loved it.  She said it was flattering \u0026 she especially loved that it wasn't sheer all over.	review_date"
"I don't really like the way it looks once its on. No support what so ever...did not fit well in the breast area it was small..I'm 5'2 135lbs 36DDs I ordered a large and don't like it.. It was made of a soft material though.	review_date"
"I'm 2X	 DDD and this airs the girls out a little more than I'd like. No complaints from husband	 though	review_date"
"On top of being a very sexy night gown	 these are very comfy as well. I love the material on my skin!	review_date"
"The images do not do it justice. It is so much sexier and quite comfy than expected !! Will definitely be buying the other colors soon!	review_date"
"I got for the bride at a bachelorette party	 and it looked very nice quality.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for with this. It is comfortable however the lace is cheap and sometimes it doesn't fully line up with where the fabric is supposed to sit. It has no support in the chest area but it is a night gown and comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"Was very pretty but did not fit on top.  I have 38DDD was way too small  had to return	review_date"
"I recently had breast reduction \u0026 am feeling much more confident in my body so I decided to try something new. I'm very happy with this! It fits wonderful \u0026 is so comfortable (which I'm sure is not the case with all lingerie lol). I'm 5'3\	 139 lbs \u0026 I believe I am a 36/38C right now (5 weeks post op). I ordered the medium \u0026 it's perfect!""	review_date"
"I was quite surprised with softness and quality of this piece	 given the very budget friendly price. The main material is not see through	 compared to many styles similar to this. The back is absolutely stunning	 and makes me wish this were appropriate to wear in public to show it off.	review_date"
"Love this and so does my husband. It fits great without clinging to much.	review_date"
"Beautiful chemise however the size ordered was not the size I received. I would say the size chart is as expected but it was in the wrong packaging. Chemise said large	 thong was a medium and outside package was medium	  size ordered was medium so just disappointed that the wrong chemise was placed in the packaging.	review_date"
"Yep. I love it. My boyfriend loves it. It is what I expected though so no complaints.	review_date"
"Super soft! Stretchy too if you鈥檙e in between sizes. Everything stayed in place while I slept too so no peek a boos in the morning. Haha	review_date"
"Love it very soft and comfortable- the chest was loose but I am smaller in that area. Love it overall- the back is so pretty	review_date"
"This was a gift for my best friend	 and she loved it	 it fit perfectly for her. I鈥檓 planning on getting one for myself 馃槃.	review_date"
"Perfect! Comfortable! Soft! Feminine! Love it!	review_date"
"I feel so pretty wearing it. It鈥檚 wonderful to the touch.	review_date"
"Looks great on my girlfriend.	review_date"
"This fit me perfectly and my man loved it! I'm 140 lbs and 5'6 and we got a M.	review_date"
"Fits nice and feels good	review_date"
"Fits perfectly!  Soft material	 great navy color	 comfortable for sleeping!  The only thing I don't love about it is that the tags in back are a bit itchy	 but it's nothing I didn't get used to.	review_date"
"love fit and feel and so does my husband. may purchase in other colors.	review_date"
"Great price and product	review_date"
"Looks good and fits as expected	review_date"
"My husband loved it and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"I am usually a medium but i decided to order a large and it fit PERFECTLY. I'm 5'4'' and I don't think the medium would've been long enough but the large was the perfect length. Very flattering and comfortable.	review_date"
"color as expected and good fit	review_date"
My girlfriend liked it on me 
"Very comfy and sexy	 I would buy this in every colors.	review_date"
"I was impressed with the quality and price-point for this item. It's very comfortable	 easily adjustable to fit perfectly	 and affordable. Looking forward to wearing this on my honeymoon	review_date"
"I love everything about this product.Nice	review_date"
"Love this nighty. Super soft and comfy. I have a fairly large bust but the straps and cups provide a lot of support!	review_date"
"Extremely Soft and Comfortable!	review_date"
"Fabric feels great	 comfy and sexy	review_date"
"Very small	review_date"
"I ordered 4 pieces of lingerie together and this 1 was my favourite. It's comfortable	 soft	 flattering	 fit as expected and gives me a small lift in the boob area even though it's basically backless. I'm a small C cup and I ordered a small.	review_date"
"I love it! It is VERY soft and silky againts bare skin. Well worth the price and them some. Fits perfectly. Even better than I thought. One the negative side	 it is hand wash	 just like all \intimate\"" wear. A negative I will gladly live with. Absolutely recommend this item!""	review_date"
"very nice material fits perfect	review_date"
"When the lingerie was delivered it DID NOT look anything like this. What was delivered was an utter disaster and honestly was a laced see through shirt ribbon and panties which I haven鈥檛 ordered at all	 and I haven鈥檛 ordered any lingerie besides this one.	review_date"
"Beautiful and very comfortable	review_date"
"Wife loved it	review_date"
"Beautiful on and very comfortable	review_date"
"very nice for the price	review_date"
"I loved how this looked on my wife very sexy	review_date"
"Comfy and breathable for summer	review_date"
"I loved this! It takes a month to come but for the price and quality its fantastic. No more buying these for $50 at Victoria's secret.	review_date"
"Beautiful. We both love it.	review_date"
"I love this nightgown and my husband likes it even more than I do thank you so much for selling having excellent products	review_date"
"She like it	review_date"
"Very soft material	 comfortable	 sexy.	review_date"
"Feels and fits nicely	review_date"
"I absolutely love the look and feel of this lingerie. The style and cut is very flattering. What's even better is the price!	review_date"
"Love.	review_date"
"Loved this item	 fits perfectly and material is soft	review_date"
"As seen	 good quality	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ and weight 155. I bought a medium in Navy blue style 1. I think it fits me perfectly and it feels wonderful!""	review_date"
"Loved it. Would highly recommend. Fits perfect.	review_date"
"I really like the material however it is a little small for what i was looking for. fits more like a shirt	review_date"
"Material is decent and fits like it should. I would buy from this company again	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable and looks great on. My new favorite.	review_date"
"Really comfortable	 and is a perfect sexy nighty! My boyfriend loves it	 the back design is a nice touch.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 on the chubby side \u0026 I wanted something sexy \u0026 cute but still covers me up. I鈥檓 4鈥?0鈥?170lbs \u0026 this makes me look \u0026 feel great \u0026 the best part is it鈥檚 not long on me at all!	review_date"
"I am 5'2\ 128lbs and I ordered a small and it fit perfectly! SUPER soft and comfortable. Very nicely cut. Perfect little nightie to sleep in while still being sexy!""	review_date"
"Looks just like the photo. Fits well and the sizing was correct. Only thing I see wrong is the fit of the top part is a little off. Not a major issue	 but I am pleased with the product given the price	review_date"
"Must be another Chinese scam. The gown is the length of a shirt. I鈥檓 a slow learner about ordering certain things online...	review_date"
"Buy it	 it's worth it.	review_date"
"very pretty.  just did not fit right	review_date"
"Super cute and comfortable and my husband loves it! Thanks!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Good  material fit perfect loved it	review_date"
"I really like the fit of this. I read reviews and couldnt decide if I should order a medium or large. Im 5-5	150	 C cup and the medium fits me perfectly.	review_date"
"It is just as pictured and is soft but it's hard to get wrinkles out of and I should have ordered a medium cause it is true to size. I got a large and it was to big	review_date"
"The girlfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Item was as described	review_date"
"Beautiful and the fit is perfect. It's so soft and can't say this much but its very comfortable. Hubby loves it also	review_date"
"I plan to buy more in eat color	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"The side seam is sewn into the center of the skirt. It's unwearable.	review_date"
"Good product	 fits well	 color good	 arrived timely and great price.	review_date"
"Hubby loves it!! True to size!!	review_date"
"Quality not what I expected.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie. It's so pretty and flowy with the right amount of sexiness. It arrived on time and in great condition.	review_date"
"Loved it! Such a great material and true to size.	review_date"
"Real nice	review_date"
"I love it it's so comfortable! I got a medium and I am 5'3 and weight 147 and it's a little big but fits just fine a small would probably be to small!	review_date"
"Love it and affordable	review_date"
"I bought it as a normal sleepwear but it's definetly the best one I have and it's super sexy ! Hubby was suprised lol	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"The modal sleepwear is comfortable to wear and fits well on me 	 I love the back design!	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"It is really attractive.  The fabric hugs your body and feels nice.  Super comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful item..just as described! Super fast shipping!! Buy it here!!	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"Supper satisfied	 my husband is too.Nice materialLooks greatCan't be more satisfied	review_date"
"Very soft good quality	review_date"
"Love this!!!!	review_date"
"The dark red color is more beautiful than picture and really sexy!	review_date"
"Just like the picture. Great fabric!	review_date"
"Very Hot outfit	review_date"
"So sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Great. Thank you	review_date"
"love this great feeling and fitting Chemise. Great for wearing in the evening and perfect for sleeping in	review_date"
"This sleepwear is just like the picture and really soft to wear!	review_date"
"Excelente	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I ordered a size larger than normal and it's a good thing. It fits nicely	review_date"
"Loved this so much I ordered it in 2 additional colors after the first one arrived.	review_date"
"This is beautiful. However it runs small so I would go up a size when ordering.	review_date"
"This piece is absolutely beautiful	 fits perfect	 and is exactly as described!	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"I love this. It fits so well and it's so soft!!	review_date"
"Feels great	review_date"
"Good lingerie at a reasonable price.	review_date"
"Fit everywhere nicely bar the chest.	review_date"
"Wow my wife looks so hot in it i go crazy when she wears it	review_date"
"La tela me p谩rese de muy buena calidad para el precio 馃憣	review_date"
"Fty	review_date"
"Soft and feels great.	review_date"
"Love it so much! It鈥檚 cute and comfortable. I weight 130  and got a size small	 it fits perfect.	review_date"
"Strap broke	review_date"
"I feel sexy in it and my hubby is excited for it !	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Fits perfect to your curves	review_date"
"Great quality	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Very nice piece. But a litte small	review_date"
"Fit great feels great	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Very sexy. Worth it for sure.	review_date"
"Yessss I love it !!	review_date"
"Lovely!	review_date"
"Wonderful!	review_date"
"I wish it came with a little push up in the boob area	 but other than that it is very cute.	review_date"
"I am a 1x/2x woman and hoped that maybe this would fit me	 it did	 kind of. Didn鈥檛 look as nice as it did in the pictures. So I was disappointed. But hopefully when I lose weight	 it will look fabulous.	review_date"
"Love it. Very soft	 comfy and sexy. Hope my boyfriend likes it as much as I do! Runs small in my opinion. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?198. Ordered the XL but wish I would have ordered the XXL.	review_date"
"This model must have perfect boobs because there's no support in the lingerie. No underwire	 no molded cups	 NOTHING. Just cruel gravity and nature. I'm keeping it because the material is soft and comfortable	 but will not buy anything else from the company. The lack of support makes it (and most lingerie) unflattering.	review_date"
"Im 5'5 curvy 170lbs. Fits great! Super comfy and so Flattering. Very cute !!! Love it	review_date"
"I love your products they fit my big boobs perfect I wouldn't mind trying other sample products and promoting them to All my Friends	review_date"
"Very Comfortable an pretty however it is Yet very cheaply made. Had this two days an the back strap snapped. Unfortunately Id say it's not worth the buy for the price...	review_date"
"For those of you looking at the sizes. I am a 38D	 size 8	 and wear small/medium in my shirts. Because of my lovely genetics I have a barrel chest the XL fits my chest perfectly and I love the hang of the fabric. It is very comfortable and I am ordering more. Also as a plus	 the lace is not scratchy at all!	review_date"
"The fabric under the chest area is very poorly made. It ripped the very first time I tried to put it on. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Cheap material	 the top was too small where the underwear were huge	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite lingerie products. It is incredibly soft and so comfortable.  Not only is it comfortable but it fits perfectly and it looks sexy. My husband loves when I wear this.The sizing is right on.  The material is soft and the details stand out and make this different from other products.I love this and can't wait to try other products from Adome.	review_date"
"Soooo soft	 fit perfect! I ordered an XL	 I wear a size 16 in pants. Will be ordering from this brand again	review_date"
"Really sexy	 elegant lingerie. The quality is awesome. 95% chinion	 5% cotton. It is very soft	 smooth and comfortable. Not a see through chemise. It has adjustable shoulder straps which help to have a better control of your bust. The cut is very simple but sexy and flattering.. I'm an XL in shirts so I order an xxl! It was perfect and I couldn't be more pleased!	review_date"
"The material is very soft. Feels great on. The straps are adjustable too. I鈥檓 extremely happy with this purchase!	review_date"
"My wife looked so stunning in this	 that I couldn't take my eyes off of her	 and then I couldn't keep my hands off of her	 and then....let's just say I couldn't wait for this to come off either.  It was some of the best I've ever had.  Even though it covers the midriff	 I find myself insisting on her wearing this most times we \get together.\""Edited to add"
"great material. I am 170 5'2 38 DD and the large fit great	review_date"
"Fits as listed for size. The G string runs runs big. I really bought the top for my wife. The G string went on my rear view mirror.	review_date"
"Love that this chemise doesn't have structured cups	 which means someone like me with a large bust can still wear it. I wear a size 14 top/12 pants and a 36G bra	 and the XXL fit with plenty of room to spare. There is a lot of room for adjustment in the straps. An XL might have worked better. The fabric is nice and cottony	 like a modal jersey rather than nylon-y. I really love this brand of lingerie!	review_date"
"I ordered a Small and I'm 5'6 1/2\ and 121 lbs. It fit perfectly	 just barely covers butt. I hand washed in cold water and stretched it	 so it fits a tad bit longer in back. Would order again for sure!""	review_date"
"I have a very small blast with a large bottom and this makes my body look amazing! It covers up the top enough to make me feel comfortable and shows just a little bit of my behind which amplifies my better quality. I bought a size small and I weigh 130 pounds 5鈥?鈥?bra size 32 A	 38鈥?around my bottom	review_date"
"Fits nice and it very sexy!  Length is just right	 even on my 5' tall wife.  Seems to be well made for the price.The wife was excited I bought it for her.	review_date"
"Comfy and sexy. I ordered the xxl because the whole	 \this is from China so look at the size chart\"" kind of scared me. Normally in L and XL in US...next purchase from here can easily be an XL	 if not a large (if you want it tight). The xxl is not bulky	 just fully covers my booty	 and looser fitting in the tummy	 and since that's my less flattering area	 all is good in the world of affordable	 comfy	 and suggesting sleepwear	 even if ordered a size too big.""	review_date"
"Dear Amazon	This item is one of my favorite lingerie pieces. It was a lovely gift from my sexy bestie about a year ago. After a long flight from NYC to Seattle	 all I wanted was a hot shower and soft bed. What a lovely surprise to see this red \u0026 lacy nightie hanging up for me in the bathroom! With my hair still wet	 I eagerly slipped it on and loved the way it fit. The thin straps were very sexy and delicate while the open lace left just enough to warm up the imagination. The bow detail and slits hit my hips at just the right spot...barely covering my bottom but still leaving enough for a peak at the matching thong panties. The wrinkle free fabric stretched smoothly across my curves and gathered perfectly at the waist (and under my man鈥檚 strong hands). There was a hot shower and soft bed that evening	 but not much rest after putting this on for him. I鈥檇 like to rate this item with 5 red hot flames 馃敟馃敟馃敟馃敟馃敟 rather than stars. I think I鈥檒l be slipping it back on tonight.Sensually yours	Julianna	review_date"
"OMG! This thing is amazing.  My wife loves it. It is very comfortable to sleep in too	 not that much sleeping gets done when she wears it.  Am ordering one in another color now.	review_date"
"This is very cute and very soft!  It is pretty short (thankfully) and would fit almost any size body.  I am 5:6 and 170 and it fits perfect!  It is cute super sexy in front and my husband loves it!  What a great price	 highly recommend!!	review_date"
"The chemise was perfectly sized and very soft. It also came in just a regular Amazon soft package so it fit in the mailbox and was discrete. The included thong was HUGE though. Ordered a small and the straps from the thong went up to the middle my 5'1\ GF's back. Would definitely recommend the chemise	 but would use your own underwear or thong with it.""	review_date"
"Fits well. I washed it the first time without a garment bag and well	 I sort of ruined the top lacy part. The small	 super tiny	 elastic like threads (?) were coming out of it and was everywhere. I cut most of them off and still do wear it now and then. I do wash it in a garment bag now	 but I'm not sure if it was the reason this happened or if the item was made with bad material. For the price	 it was decent.	review_date"
"Avidlove products are great. I'm so happy to have found a brand I like online. This is soft and very comfortable. Definitely order to your size.	review_date"
"Wow my wife looks so hot in it i go crazy when she wears it	review_date"
"I think all these 5 Star reviews must be fake or they got the product for free or something. It is literally a long thin lace cami tank top made out of crappy material yes it is soft but still super crappy. It is over priced for what it is!	review_date"
"Perfect! I absolutely love it on my wife.	review_date"
"I love it! It is VERY soft and silky againts bare skin. Well worth the price and them some. Fits perfectly. Even better than I thought. One the negative side	 it is hand wash	 just like all \intimate\"" wear. A negative I will gladly live with. Absolutely recommend this item!""	review_date"
"Fabric feels nice but this item runs waaaay too small. I am short	 barely over 5鈥?鈥? 133 lbs	 34C	 I normally wear a size small 4/6	 ordered this in a medium and still too small. Clingy like a fitted tank top	 not a nicely draped nightgown as shown on the model. Going to try the large.	review_date"
"Nice product well made delivered on time.	review_date"
"Too expensive for what it was. It鈥檚 super cute on my wife	 but not as fitting as we imagined it be.	review_date"
"Its cute	 made of soft material	 but was a little small after washing the first time. I usually wear a small and ordered a small--maybe should have ordered a medium to account for shrinking in the wash	review_date"
"Have it in white and loved it so much got the red one too !! You can't beat the price and these are not made cheaply - very nice fit and finish to them. When you see how much they are charging for them you think cheap - but only the price cause these are definitely worth every Penny !!!	review_date"
"This was an ok purchase so at least the price fit the product. It looks a bit cheap and it arrived very wrinkled. I don't think it looks as great as the picture and it has zero support up top but that is fairly clear from the photo anyway. Just thought I would mention it for those of you possibly wondering.	review_date"
"Surprised by the quality of the garmet. I always know it's a hit or miss with these things. Very soft	 somewhat thick fabric that hangs on the body in a flattering way. It has held up through a couple washes perfectly.	review_date"
"Sexy	 comfortable...my guy really enjoyed it too!	review_date"
"Nice and soft. Will fit if you pay careful attention to their size guide.  Normally a M	 I ordered a 2XL after consulting the guide	 and it was a perfect fit.	review_date"
"Feels good and looks good.  I wore it as a top with jeans.  Very sexy.  My man feels all men would love to see their lady wearing it.  Be confident.	review_date"
"My husband bought this for me. And he loved it. I have a booty	 and it comes right at the crease of my butt and thigh. Which is just enough to give a small show and tease.The fabric is really nice and soft. Though it is white	 it's definitely has some transparency to it.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"I liked the product but I'm not sure if was my mistake that I bought a size M when I normally use size L. I will return to buy again in a larger size. I liked very much the texture and quality but it doesn't fit me :(	review_date"
"Ordered an XL	 I am short and fairly tiny with no butt or hips but am also a 36DDD.  Fits PERFECT and is very comfy.  Made well	 material is very nice quality.  Will purchase more of these.	review_date"
"Bad quality! Cheap... and so you get what you pay for! It was too small and it鈥檚 a one time use	review_date"
"Adorable	 love the feel and the fit. One complaint though is I've only washed twice and hang dried and the lace part is already splitting on the top edges.	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece!!I鈥檓 not very comfortable in sexy clothing	 but my BF asked. This makes me feel sooooo sexy!! I鈥檓 a short girl (5鈥?鈥? and I felt it was a tad short	 but I鈥檓 still 100% happy!	review_date"
"Great!	review_date"
"Armpits are big the underwear is really weird and uncomfortable the material is cheap	 looks flattering on the body still. Shirt is a little short to doesn鈥檛 cover the butt like that in the pics	review_date"
"I love the outfit looks just like the picture color and all	 the material is light and very soft but not thin where you are afraid it will tear.  I have washed and dried in the dryer and still looks and feels the same.  Will definitely be buying more.	review_date"
"Really sexy and comfy. Looks hot even with my small boobs. Glad I got a med. I'm 5'7\	 125ish lbs	"
"Super sexy little nightie. It's also really comfortable. I'm glad I ordered this and would definitely recommend it to anyone who is looking for a simple	 yet sexy nightie.	review_date"
"it's basically a t-shirt	 not quite what the picture shows	review_date"
"I am a size 2x normally	 so I was a little worried about ordering something like this. It arrived very quickly	 and I was very happy with what I got. It's simple	 but also sexy and also very comfortable. It's easy to put on and looks great. I'm very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Fits exactly as expected	 true to size. Great material \u0026 super comfortable and flattering. Order more in 3 colors!	review_date"
"I didn't expect much since it was so cheap but was pleasantly surprised at how soft it was to wear to bed.	review_date"
"This looks amazing on me.  The size fits just right and it鈥檚 sexy.  I can鈥檛 wait to wear this on Valentines Day.	review_date"
"Looks great and can take a beating if you know what I mean	review_date"
"This top fit really well	 which can be difficult to find for plus-size women. I love it and it is really cute and sexy. No regrets with this purchase.	review_date"
"I am 5'3\	 125 lbs	 a medium barely goes below my navel...I have no idea how other people found this to fit well.""	review_date"
Super soft and fit perfectly. Perfect for lounging but still cute for your SO if you have one 
"It's very cute and hubby loved it! It does run little big. I am 5'5 and weight 110lb 34b cup and i ordered a small.	review_date"
"Very cheaply made	 elastic in lace already coming out after first wash.	review_date"
"I loved that it fit her. I love that she loved it.  I loved that it was easy to remove. She loved how soft it is.	review_date"
"Wife looks hot in it. Says it's comfortable too.	review_date"
"I like it a little tight	 so I can see more	 but this was smaller than the others that we've ordered	 and shorter too.	review_date"
"The dress is more like a cami way to small the thong way to large not happy.	review_date"
"Very cute	 short	 soft and sexy yet very comfortable so you can wear it every night if you want.	review_date"
"Love the way this feels. It's so comfortable and super sexy. Love It!!!	review_date"
"The girl I bought it for loved it. Really soft.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable.  I  love it.	review_date"
"Very comfortable. The fabric is nice and soft. Doesn't cling to you like some lingerie fabrics. It is something that I can wear around the house	 and still feel comfortable. The only issue was that the thong was way to big for me.	review_date"
"My wife loved it..I would put her in anyone of you products	review_date"
"very pretty i ordered the size i usually do and it fits for the most part but it was short and I'm a short person	review_date"
"It鈥檚 soft and comfy but... the top is like a tank top not a mini dress. Definitely buy a size up.	review_date"
"It's incredibly soft and I love the fit. I'm actually an xs but they only have smalls so I dried it and now it fits perfectly. The only down side is the fabric seems to wrinkle easily.On the other hand	 the underwear that came with it was too big and cheap looking but I didn't know they came with it anyways so I just got rid of them.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3\/145lbs/34B - Purchased a medium.The chemise fits great and was very comfortable and soft. The material is stretchy and is very forgiving draping well over the body.I might buy another in a different color.""	review_date"
"Light weight and comfortable. It covers you enough to not be naked. Fits like a dream.	review_date"
"Love this lil number! I wasn't sure what to expect but the fabric is SO SOFT. My partner loves when I wear it to bed	 but it's comfy enough to wear around the house or under a sweater. I'll probably order another in black! I went with the XL to be on the safe side	 but there's definitely enough stretch that the Large would have fit fine.	review_date"
"Shipping took a long time and after ordering I had second thoughts but after it arrived I was very happy. Material is very soft	 fits great and wife looks stunning in it.	review_date"
"Super sexy	 soft and comfortable. I will absolutely buy more! Very good purchase.	review_date"
"Perfect! Simple	 beautiful	 and sexy. My husband loves it on me. Thank you so much!	review_date"
"Cute	 but runs small.	review_date"
"Im 5'5\ 116 lbs and the small was too small for me for your reference.""	review_date"
"Got this for my wife and it certainly works for me.	review_date"
"Had a hole and definitely clingy/see-through in a way I don't like.  Ordered a lacy top because I know that will make it awesome. Avidlove has great products for the price	  this one just needs a friendly over piece.	review_date"
"Fit my girlfriend no problem! Super cute	 fine material for what you pay.	review_date"
"Fits pretty well as a gift. Great outfit	 would recommend to purchase!	review_date"
"I love this nighty. Its very comfortable. Almost like wearing nothing at all and it shows off my curves. It fits me great.	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable!	review_date"
"It's really soft but the thing is a joke and the fit isn't as awesome as I hoped.	review_date"
"I liked it so much I bought it in Black when I already had gray at home	review_date"
"I ordered a small	 Fit pretty well. Im 5' 11'' so It was a little bit like a shirt on me maybe a little longer. Still looked good though	review_date"
"To help you out: my wife is 5'9	 170lbs	 40D the XXL  was the correct size and it fit/looked good.	review_date"
"My wife likes it and looks great in it! The thing is it never stays in very long..	review_date"
"I like it my gir felt comfortable	review_date"
"Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Hot and soft!	review_date"
"Love it my kid took it	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Cute but cheaply made	review_date"
"My wife looks beautiful in it and I love when she wears it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute.	review_date"
"Yes very nice	review_date"
"Very soft and looked great on her. The panties are trash though.	review_date"
"Gorgeous!!! Fits great and is super comfortable	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"fits perfect!! really soft material and comfortable everyone should get it plus its a very sexy outfit !!thank you	review_date"
"Came little smaller than I thought but I love it	review_date"
"I don't know what to say but Sexy As Hell.	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"My girl loved it	 as did I. Feels silky and nice...but deffenitly thin. We bought one size up and is a great fit. I think one size up is best to match the way it looks on the model in pics	 I think it wouldn't cover the booty at all if you get your exact size.	review_date"
"Feedback from wife is that length matches that pictured and is a great top. Material is soft and comfortable	 enough to sleep in. Lace portion is the right amount of sexiness.Sizing is on point. I think it's a great dress. \u003ccue eyeroll from wife\u003e	review_date"
"So comfy yet sexy.  I would recommend.	review_date"
"Its not as red as in the picture	 more darker but soft material and cozy fitting!	review_date"
"This is the only company in Amazon that I will buy from.  Your lingerie is super soft and it fits exactly the way it's supposed to.	review_date"
"fits fantastic	 hugs the curves	\u0026 doesn't ride up	  the 'feel' of the material is nice. will def. purchase again!	review_date"
"great sexy casual wear or nighty wear	review_date"
"Loved this! Very soft. Soft enough to sleep in.	review_date"
"Worked well	review_date"
"I love it. And so does my husband.	review_date"
"Certainly looks good on my girl...no complaints.	review_date"
"Super cute. Soft. Bought a medium per measurements. 5'3 135 lbs 36C feels too big. Feel like a small would have been perfect	review_date"
"Very Nice	 the thong is a little cheap but the rest is quality	review_date"
"Hot dress with high heels and ready to rock highly recommended	review_date"
"I loved it so much I ripped it in half.	review_date"
"As shown	review_date"
"good material. very sexy and still comfortable. comes with string thong	review_date"
"they are nice	 but they are not dress.  They run a little short but look great!	review_date"
"Form fit.  All I can say is \oh my\"".  Very sexy""	review_date"
"Currently wearing this and happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"Looks so cute on but expect it to be tushy short!	review_date"
"Really liked!!	review_date"
"The dress was very nice but the shoe string thong was very disappointing and uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Very soft material	 fit just right ... covers enough and still feels very sexy.	review_date"
"Super soft	 very sexy design. I'm 5'4\	 130 lbs.	 and a 38C in the bust. The medium is a perfect fit	 although be aware that this is a snug and clingy fabric. If you don't want every curve of your belly outlined	 order a size up.""	review_date"
"Very nice and not cheap fabric. Nice and soft.	review_date"
"amazing fabric combo ! so soft and lite. very good.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Fit nicely. Looks nice also.	review_date"
"Great quality and fit! My girl liked it	review_date"
"Loved it	 I normally wear a Large in juniors and I ordered the XL	 it fit beautifully. I've ordered from Avidlove several times now and I'm always satisfied with my purchases.	review_date"
"Fit well	review_date"
"Don't wait to buy this	 it took a little longer to ship	 but I love it!!	review_date"
"She loves it	review_date"
"Fabric was heavy	 fit was large	 I returned.	review_date"
"Fits well no complaints	review_date"
"I bought my wife to please me. Copes with its task)	review_date"
"Happy With my purchase	review_date"
"Very soft material even after wash. color is beautiful and its light weight and comfortable to sleep in. Plus my man loves the way it looks!!	review_date"
"This is a great product. It is well made and soft. My wife says it is very comfortable.	review_date"
"Cheap material that balled after one wash and had strings. Literally had to throw it away - very disappointed and wouldn't waste my money on this product.	review_date"
"The quality is quite nice for the inexpensive price. The wife looks incredible in this which she said is comfortable as well.  Good purchase.	review_date"
"For the money it was still too much money. Better products for the same or less money. Just	 underwhelming.	review_date"
"Yumm	review_date"
"Good zize	review_date"
"Love it on my girl!	review_date"
"Super cute. Fits great.	review_date"
"Super comfy husband loved it !!	review_date"
"So cute. Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Super cute. Fits nice	review_date"
"Great for the price	review_date"
"fits a little small	review_date"
"Perfect fit and fabric is soft/sexy and hubby loves it.	review_date"
"The bride loves these. They are simple yet sexy and comfortable enough to wear as a sleep shirt.	review_date"
"I know I'm tall (6'1\)	 but it fit me like a tank top.""	review_date"
"A bit small	 but nicely made and sexy.	review_date"
"Used to love this	 after one wash the lace area starts to have the we clear plastic strings.. Only can have them for a few months before having to buy new ones.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"as expected	review_date"
"Excelente producto	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife and it fits well and is super sexy.  It鈥檚 a bit short intentionally and reveals a bit of your backside.	review_date"
"This is why men want you	 sexy and very fem.	review_date"
"So I ordered this to spice things up. I thought it would look like the picture and it does kind of. It is not the material I believed would be by looking at the picture. I felt like it is overpriced a touch by what you are actually getting. However it is still okay and do for what i wanted so four stars.People with sizing issuses: I weigh 128 pounds	 5 feet 4 inches tall	 and i went with a small. The material is very stretchy so I believe you should get your true size in shirts. I almost got a medium and that would not have been tight enough for the look in the picture. I will add the material is like a soft cotton and shows every lump and roll of fat lol.	review_date"
"Like a dirty light grey color.	review_date"
"Not as I expected	review_date"
"Comfortable \u0026 sexy	review_date"
"As expected	  love it	review_date"
"it feels as good as it looks	review_date"
"Comfortable but I should have purchased the next size down.	review_date"
"My finance loves it on me!!!!	review_date"
"LOVE	review_date"
"Better than expected!  good quality for the price.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"It looks beter on the photo but it is a good pruduct. My wife liked it	review_date"
"Would have gave 5 stars but really it looks and feels like a t-shirt material tank with lace.	review_date"
"Wife doesn鈥檛 wear it enough and I told her that it doesn鈥檛 matter that kids are still in the room with us! Put it on馃	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I like how soft the material was! Fit just right. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"The wife loves the material and the fit - so do I .	review_date"
"Nice Product	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy	review_date"
"I was a little longer than pictured	 wish I had ordered one size smaller.  But I was happy with the style and material	review_date"
"perfect fit and comfortable too	review_date"
"As advertised !  Very pleased.	review_date"
"Absolutely love it and it fits perfectly. Thanks avidlove! 馃榾	review_date"
"GREAT VALINTINE GIFT !!!!!!	review_date"
"Very soft fit good. Very comfortable. The panty was has too much material in the front. Looks bulgy.	review_date"
"A+A+A+A+A+++	review_date"
"Soft and sexy feels nice	review_date"
"I love your products they fity ddd boobs perfectly and very sexy and comfortable to wear I would love to sample more of your products and tell everyone I know about your product	review_date"
"Had a lot of fun with input the first night 	 only to repeat the 2nd day and night	review_date"
"Way too small and i got an XL	 i wasnt expecting it to be skin tight	 like suctioning to my body. Ill have to go back and re-read the description	 maybe i missed something. All i know is that i wont be wearing this unless i magically lose a loton of weight.	review_date"
"Kinda short	 but it鈥檚 looks good	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. She loves it and it looks great on her. She is an Xl-2xl. It fits her very good.	review_date"
"Very soft material	 fits comfortably so I wear it regularly and ordered it in different colors	review_date"
"The product package was damaged and looked like it had been returned from a previous order. The product itself was stained as if worn	 used and returned. It was gross!	review_date"
"Good service from Amazon! Fits nice!	review_date"
"Great Item	review_date"
its made to fit way taller girls than I am (5'3\) 
"Nice lacy smooth material	review_date"
"My wife really liked it !	review_date"
"My girl looked so good in this... the fit it very nice..	review_date"
"I like my looking at my wife鈥檚 giant boobs in this. Thank you China	review_date"
"to bed and to entice :) super comfortable soft and cozy. didnt expect much from this but def buying one in every color!	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"Feels good on her.	review_date"
"Very soft and awesome	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Very sexy and comes with a thong.	review_date"
"Sweet	review_date"
"She love it	review_date"
"Bought for my girl and loved it.	review_date"
"so cute :) love it	review_date"
"So soft and comfortable. Could live in this honestly.	review_date"
"Love this	 it fits great. Really love the material. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"To small	review_date"
"Comfortable and the man loved it	review_date"
"My wife is a size 8 and the large was ridiculously too small.	review_date"
"Very pretty. Very nice fabric. Sexy. Exactly what I wanted.	review_date"
"Love this! Very comfy and sexy!!	review_date"
"looks identical to the picture. my husband loved it.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Very hot	review_date"
"Very cute	 but so short it could be a tank top.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfy!	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"Super confortable material and fits great on the wife!	review_date"
"Pretty  like the style...conceals what I want to conceal...very comfortable....panties too small.	review_date"
"Nice sleep wear	review_date"
"The fabric is so very soft and I love the color. I believe it would comfortable enough to sleep in all night.	review_date"
"great quality!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love this nightie! Comfy but still looks great on	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"Love the color and fabric. It looks vibrant and fabric is really soft.	review_date"
"Looks great feels great. It really looks sexy.	review_date"
"Very useful	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"So simple and comfy. Fits perfect and boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy and Soft material hugs every curve of your body but does not restrict any movement.	review_date"
"The picture did not match what I got. It's longer	 almost thigh length in the picture. It's actually more like shirt length. But it is still cute.	review_date"
"I went up a size but I shouldn't have. I think it's true to size.  It was really sexy and my husband absolutely loves it!	review_date"
"Not true to size order two sizes up	review_date"
"This was super small	 please order larger size than you would normally.	review_date"
"Really soft	 cute	 and sexy.  Love it.	review_date"
"It's adorable. Quality is good but be careful when you wash it.	review_date"
"Generous fit	 nice fabric Flattering cut. Adjustable straps.	review_date"
"The fabric is super soft and comfortable. My favorite by far to wear to sleep.	review_date"
"Fits great like it and would buy again in different color.	review_date"
"Wife loved the look and feel. Material is good quality. Had to buy all the other colors.	review_date"
"Love this! Very soft	review_date"
"Very cute!  Never stays on to long	 so I would say it does its job!	review_date"
"I was very surprised by the quality and fit. Loved this item.	review_date"
"Very soft but a little too small	review_date"
"it run a little small...but it very sexy.	review_date"
"Excellent product of fine quality! It fit exactly as expected! I will definitely look for more styles from the same manufacturer in my future purchases!	review_date"
"Ordered a small for a 5'2\	 120 frame and it fits just right! "
"Good comfortable material	 good fit!	review_date"
"I am 5'9\	 about 160 lbs	 38C	 ordered this in XL based on the size chart and other reviews	 and it fits perfectly.  It is really comfortable	 and my husband thinks it is sexy as can be.  I did not wear with the the g-string	 which I find incredibly uncomfortable.  Not just this one	 but all g-strings	 as a rule.  I had cuter lace panties to wear under	 so we were both happy.  I would love it if these makers would provide a matching pantie that didn't put a rope up the back side	 but apparently that is the thing now.  I don't get it at all.  I would recommend hand washing as it is very delicate.""	review_date"
"Am normally a small 5鈥? 120 lbs this fit like a tank top not a fan of having to return stuff	review_date"
"the stomach part is very fitted	review_date"
"Could be a little bigger	review_date"
"Looks cheap	 feels cheap and doesn't look nearly as nice as the picture.	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly and is super soft and slinky!	review_date"
"Nice but thinner than expected	review_date"
"It's a little big but soft	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Wife really liked it	 great investment!!!	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"Lace on top suggests sexy. It is soft to the touch and fits great. Good value and wife enjoys the fit.	review_date"
"It's soft	 comfortable \u0026 cute. No complaints.	review_date"
"My wife loved it and it fit great.	review_date"
"Beautiful!! :)	review_date"
"I love it! It fits smoothly. Hubby loves it too! I will purchase it in different colors.	review_date"
"Very nice for the money. I liked it!	review_date"
"Cute but I might as well have bought a tank top because that's all it is	review_date"
"Soft  material	review_date"
"It is a great garter but it does not come with the stockings had i known i would have ordred stockings as well i dont mind paying extra	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
I love this chemise! Hugs your body in all the right places
"looks great on wife and fit perfect	review_date"
"Swift delivery. I鈥檓 very pleased.	review_date"
"Exactly as described!	review_date"
"A little smaller than I expected but still super comfy and sexy :)	review_date"
"Not true to size	review_date"
"Love it. It's super soft	 and fits great.	review_date"
"Super comfortable and super sexy	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Glad I bought this for my Wife	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"My wife loves it	review_date"
"From reading the reviews I decided I should order a size bigger than what I wear. I wear a small \u0026 ordered a medium which fits well.	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 receive this item. I received like a purple bodysuit.	review_date"
"Looks amazing	review_date"
"Adorable! Very cute.	review_date"
"Sexy and cute	 but the strap broke when I tried it on for the first time. The straps are hooked into little plastic rings in the back	 and with some light force putting it on	 one strap snapped out of the ring. Not happy. This little number also comes with a thong (or what looks to be one anyways). I'm pretty sure that's defective too because instead of the straps being equal	 one side is huge and the other is tiny. Not sure if they were trying to be creative with the design or what	 but it's pretty awkward to put on. Overall though	 the chemise fabric feels nice	 isn't itchy	 and it fits as expected. It's very sexy	 but I do wish it had been made slightly better.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"My wife loves it. It was a great valentines gift.	review_date"
"Not the product advertised	review_date"
"Muy bueno el produto	review_date"
"My wife loves it!	review_date"
"Fits very nicely and the fabric is soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Good quality. Very sexy.	review_date"
"very cute	review_date"
"Soft material very comfortable	review_date"
"Wife loved this negligee!!!	review_date"
"Te best	review_date"
"Love it im a petite women and it fit perfect super comfy as well! My man loved it as well.	review_date"
"Wife loves it. Nice soft material	review_date"
"Very sexy. I love it.	review_date"
"My wife looks bangable on this Lingerie.... And I know your wife's will too.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Fits well and looks great.	review_date"
"Looked better than expected. Small fit nice and tight for a 110 pound girl馃槈	review_date"
"Packaging was great \u0026 it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this product! Very soft material \u0026 I loved how it fit	review_date"
"This product it legit.	review_date"
"Fits great and feels nice	review_date"
"Very comfortable and lightweight. Love it!!	review_date"
"Overall it's comfortable and arousing. I'm 6ft	 so it didn't cover quite as much as I liked.	review_date"
"Bad . It's a shirt not like in the photo	review_date"
"I got it out of the package today it's torn.  Not happy	review_date"
"Smaller than what the size chart called for	review_date"
"I've ordered tons of babydolls from Avidlove	 and they're great. However	 this runs shockingly small	 compared to their other items. I'm 5'8-1/2\	 and this is only long enough to be a top. It hits about 3 inches below my belly button (I'm a B-cup	 so there's nothing there to make it so short). I ordered it in black and red	 and they're basically useless.""	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"The circular latch was broken. Poorly made =[	review_date"
"My boyfriend love it on me	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Got perfect shipped quick want to get another in red	review_date"
"Very nice for a girt	review_date"
"Chemises was perfect. I liked the color and the material.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"spiced up our lives	review_date"
"Runs a little small	review_date"
"Beatiful jijijiji	review_date"
"馃憣馃徎馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Looks like it's for a child. Very disappointed	review_date"
"馃槉perfect!	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"All ok	review_date"
"I ordered a medium	 5'8 135 32 bust and it was too big. I ended up keeping it because the fabric is super comfortable and the seller offered to give me most of the money back since they didn't want to pay for shipping back to china...	review_date"
"My girlfriend is a 6'2 volleyball player and this chemise was a little too short on her. I thought about getting her the XL but i figured it would be too wide since she is skinny. The width is perfect on her	 only the length was too short. Half of her butt is out when she is wearing it	 which is a great thing for me to see	 but she wished it was a little longer. The product seems to be of decent quality and the material is nice and soft. Will update my review if necessary.	review_date"
"Decent piece. Size-wise I wear an 8/10	 34DD	 or a medium in Victoria's Secret	 and this large fit OK. A little big. The thong was huge- I could have fit into it twice. I was pleased overall for the price.	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE THIS LITTLE NUMBER!!It is so delicate	 soft	 feminine!! This darling little number arrived in my mailbox yesterday.. When I opened it	 I couldn't wait to try it on!!  It fit me perfectly!! It is the perfect fit and hugs all of my delicious curves and in all of the right places... Wearing it 	 makes me feel so feminine	 beautiful and empowered!!!  I was worried about if it would fit me	 as I am a plus size woman	 but I love it even more.. Not too big.. Not too small. Just right...	review_date"
"So cute. So soft. Super sexy yet simple and not over the top.I like things a little less tight and more flowy so I ordered a size larger than I would normally buy	 and it's really the right fit to be sexy And comfy.The g string is little big	 but not a deal breaker at all.Keeping it	 would buy again..	review_date"
"Bought it for my wife as a gift for both of us. Very nice and my wife looked sexy in it. The material is a little stretchy and fits snug/hugs her body. She normally wears a medium and after reading reviews I got her the large	 which fit like a medium.	review_date"
"love this! soft awesome ordered M size and was p猫rfect. I am 5	3'' 120lbs 35 breast	 25 waist 37 hips. true to size and also expands	review_date"
"this is more of a shirt it is not as described not lingerie	 more of a tank top	 false advertisment	review_date"
"Omg it is beautiful! Didn't expect much	 especially cause the price being so good	it is so simple but the little detail in the chest area adds that extra detail	 andit looks very sexy and classy at the same time	review_date"
"Very cute in style and actually surprisingly very comfortable! Definitely recommend	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 100lbs. After washing this chemise once only in cold water	 it shrunk down to tank top size! It doesn't even go to my hips now. This definitely is worn as a night shirt now instead of chemise or slip.	review_date"
"My girl found this delightful. Her ass is nice and curvaceous and is very enticing peeking from underneath.	review_date"
"I love this chemise	 it fits perfect. Just enough butt showing to entice and the fabric is really comfortable. I do feel sexy in this little white number !!	review_date"
"I'm going to give this 5 star even though the one I got was cut but I got one for my boyfriend and it's perfect so soft and looks amazing on him. I reordered for myself being excited to have one.	review_date"
"This was nice	 I liked the comfortable feel of the material. But be warned	 it shrunk alot after the first wash. I even washed it with cool water	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable. I have a short torso	 so this length is really good for me. I do wish it had a little support up top.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy	 just sort of covers the butt.	review_date"
"The top is nice but the G-string is not proportional to the sizing on the top. I ordered the medium and the top fit great but the G-string was way to big. I guess I need a small G-string with a medium top.	review_date"
"Looks great on my girl. Sexy.	review_date"
"not sure yet.	review_date"
"cheap looking doesn't look as good as the picture but serves its purpose	review_date"
"My wife looks hot in it	 so I am happy. Good quality and good value!	review_date"
"Husband liked it. He even commented on the feel of the material.	review_date"
"Well made and can't beat the price. Very nice and well liked	review_date"
"Super soft and comfy but fits like a tank top. Very short.	review_date"
"I bought it for my girlfriend 	 she looked beautiful	review_date"
"Not the quality I expected. The material feels inexpensive.	review_date"
"Very very comfortable but it's a little larger than I thought it would be for a small	review_date"
"Super comfy and just the right amount of sexy.	review_date"
"Fabric did not feel good	 fit was very small.	review_date"
"Love it and fits perfect!!!!!	review_date"
"adult time didn't get started	review_date"
"Cute	 comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Really cute	 but it shrunk and now just looks like a tank top.	review_date"
"My Wife Love it	"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"OK	review_date"
"thanks	review_date"
"Yep.	review_date"
"soft and comfy	review_date"
"The GF loved it. The fabric is very soft and it fit her well. She is 5'4 about 135	review_date"
"Fits great on my wife and looks even better!	review_date"
"It's really cheap material. I washed it once and the shoulder straps were ripped.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Looks Great on my girlfriend. Lots of cheek. :D	review_date"
"size and style are drastically different that the item pictured	review_date"
"Fit too small and too tight. I鈥檓 normally a small everywhere else but the material of this dress sticks to your skin and hugs all the wrong areas	review_date"
"Good value	review_date"
"I guess you get what you paid for.	review_date"
"Item came damaged.  I contacted amazon but have to do a return and buy again if I want it.  What a pain.	review_date"
"Look so good on my wife.	review_date"
"Terrible quality and the small size is too big.	review_date"
"Too big for my lady. One size doesn't fit all.	review_date"
"bad quality	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Returned it	review_date"
"Great outfit love it very sexy	review_date"
"Really sexy	 elegant lingerie. The quality is awesome. 95% chinion	 5% cotton. It is very soft	 smooth and comfortable. Not a see through chemise. It has adjustable shoulder  straps which help to have a better control of your bust. The cut is very simple but sexy and flattering. It has 2 small ribbons at the bottom which makes it more sexy and cute.  It comes with a bikini-like panty made out of the same material. Customer service was very helpful and the shipping was extremely fast!!!!!	review_date"
"These are soooo cute!!!! I brought the Gray	 Wine red \u0026 Now I am buying the white \u0026 Soon the Black 馃ぃThat鈥檚 how much I absolutely love them!!They are sooo sexy!! Buy NOW if you want your man to be like 鈥?Whhhhhhhhaaaat鈥?cause his jaw will drop! 馃敟馃榿	review_date"
"A little larger than I expected	 the thong a little smaller than I expected. An ok outfit at best. Good thing I have a huge collection to choose from	review_date"
"Love this sexy lingerie shipping was quick packaging is great as well came in a Ziploc bag. Sizing was perfect fitting. The feel of the material is so soft and smooth to the touch. Its made of 5%cotton and 95% Chinon It is finer and provides more smoothness and silkiness.The lingerie is a great quality which you won't regret buying.	review_date"
"This is so cute . I received my package with my mini baby doll and a pair of thongs . I used the size chart and got a xx-large in black its a little big . I think its because the material is super strechey so keep that in mind when ordering so you don't get to big of a size. This is so comfortable could wear all day so soft and silky on skin its a great lounge around house item I put a pair of shorts under mine and wear . I'm really tall so this is a little short on me just comes to top of hips but I wear shorts under so doesn't matter. Has a flower design on the top and little bows on your hips. I like that the straps are adjustable .I machine washed this house and hung to dry still in great shape helped up well. I would recommend this baby doll it is so comfortable .	review_date"
"This n茅glig茅e is very silky to the touch. The straps are a bit stretchy	 and very comfortable to wear. I feel very sexy with it on	 and my husband certainly hasn't complained	 if you know what I mean. The quality is pretty darn good for what I paid for it. It came out of the package a little wrinkles but a quick jaunt in the dryer fixed that. It washes up really well in my delicates bag. I ordered based on the measurements guide they provided on the product page and it fits as expected. Overall I'm happy I purchased it.	review_date"
"This nightie is really comfy.. Wore it several times before I decided to leave comment because I want to make sure my experience is definitely great. My husband love it	 although he doesn't want me to post picture on me here wearing it because it is super revealing	 he surely like what I wear. Size fits well.	review_date"
"I have a small body	 I'm 5'1.5 and 110lbs	 size 32A. It was skintight and looked more like a longer tank top than anything. DID NOT suit me at all. Obviously made for someone with more curves than me.	review_date"
"This was sexy and comfy. The thong was a little to big but I have a strange body type. I'm 4 foot 11 inches and wear a size 6 in women's but I meassure 39 inches in the hip	 33 inches in the waste	 33 inches underbust	 and 36 inches in the bust. So size charts a questionable for me to use.  I order this in a medium and could have gone with a small. The material is a soft almost jersey material with lace at the top above the breasts.	review_date"
My wife loved it
"I usually wear a medium and it am 5'4 120 lbs and I ordered a lg and it fits perfectly.  I love the color 	 the material is super soft and very comfortable	 I would suggest ordering a size bigger than what you normally wear just to be sure. I am extremely pleased with the overall quality of this item	review_date"
"where does it say from were product comes from. Bc so far what I have order is from China to which myself  and sister in law are very disappointed. So	 please do let us know how we can find out were product is coming from. Thank you	review_date"
"The Mrs said it was very soft very comfy and can be worn with a pair of shorts. Not just fun but very comfortable to sleep in but yes also very fun	review_date"
"This material is so soft and falls nicely on the body.	review_date"
"good quality but strings too large and lingerine too small	review_date"
"Tela es delgada pero buena y bonita queda muy bie luce sexy	review_date"
"Loved this. It fits my curvy body very well. It was a perfect gift for our anniversary. He really loved it.	review_date"
"Soft fabric	 nicely styled 	 happy with purchase	review_date"
"Best night ever	review_date"
"I love this!	review_date"
"Had a hole in it	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a very small L..More like a shirt	review_date"
"First of all	 I am 5'10 and 235lbs. It fits in all the right places and is so comfortable. It's sexy and I feel amazing in it. My husbands jaw literally fell. Trust me	 you can't go wrong with this outfit. The lace is well made and of great quality!	review_date"
"LOVED by me and hubby. Incredibly sexy. 5'10	 135 lbs	 size 5	 B cup. I purchased a size medium and It fit perfectly. Great price.	review_date"
"	review_date"
"Love this!!! I got a medium an fits great. Would look better if I had bigger boobs but I love it! I'm 5'7\ 147 lbs	 bust 34 b	 waist 30\"" an hips 40\""	 it's a little tight in the hips but I'm still losing weight after having my baby. It'll look even better once all the baby weight is off.""	review_date"
"So I'm 5'6\ and 220ish pounds	 most of which is in my stomach. It's hard to find lingerie that isn't a control top or a corset that is flattering and those don't tend to be comfortable.Thanks to the ribbon and the construction of this piece	 it's like having a custom fit bodysuit plus it's more comfortable than any other lingerie set I own. To top it all off	 it's still flattering even when I sit or lay down. I'm considering buying it in all the colors. This is a great piece and I 100% recommend it.""	review_date"
"Super sexy! I love the fit and the little handcuff lace thing is adorable. I am 5'3 and my weight is 130 pounds  a medium fit me just right.	review_date"
"A little info about me first: I'm 5'1\	 115 lbs	 and wear a 32B. My tits are TINY. Like	 I have a bona-fide washing board for a chest. It always makes shopping for lingerie scary	 because the majority of it really doesn't flatter the	 ah	 poorly-endowed. Nothing sexier than gaping fabric where your breasts should be. "
"I absolutely love it! I'm a very curvy woman and have to say this item is flattering on bodies both large and small.  The lace and touches of colored ribbon make this ensemble both cute while being ultra sexy and the included \handcuffs\"" are the perfect added touch.I'm 5'5\""	 210 lbs	 38D	 and the XXL fit great. I could have done with a bit more fabric in the underpants part but overall I still love the piece!Highly recommend!""	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"Very sexy! My wife looked fantastic. She's 5'8\ and a little chunky	 though not obese. Nice	 thick	 shapely butt and thighs	 small to medium boobs. It's hard to find a lot of lingerie that is especially flattering to her body type	 but this was perfect. I would highly recommend this product.""	review_date"
"Love love love. This is by far my favorite that I have ever ordered or received. The deep V is very sexy even for people with small boobs. I dressed it up with my B cup boobs with a red lacy strappy bra and it was a very nice surprise for my boyfriend. The back is open around the butt in heart shaped. The whole thing is very confer table to wear and makes you feel very sexy. It hid all my tummy fat as I'm 5'3 and 160. I've washed it a few times now and it has held up 100%	review_date"
"I am 5'2\ 125lb and wear a 34D. I ordered the blue color in Medium based off of other people's reviews and I think it fits well. It fits my boobs	 but it is a little bit long for me which was expected and easily fixed by shortening the stringy thong portion and stitching it a bit tighter! Took 2 min to fix and now it fits quite well. It's soft which is nice	 but you get what you pay for. I anticipate that my boyfriend will likely just rip it off	 so it's perfect for what it's meant for! Hope this helps other buyers!""	review_date"
"Fits perfect..easy to put on .	review_date"
"This fits like I would expect it to. I wear a size 12 pants	 am 38 c in bras and am 5'7\. I got the XL. I get size L in lingerie at VS	 typically. It looks exactly like the picture and it looks really good when it's on. I wouldn't hesitate to buy this. It looks like some VS ones without paying the high price for them. The lace was very very soft. I didn't mind wearing it for a little bit	 it never felt scratchy. The thong string was even super comfy and I generally don't like thongs! The only reason I gave this 4 stars was because it had a small rip in the lace. It was so small that you couldn't really notice and hubby didn't see it at all. But I saw it. Other than that	 just buy this. You won't be disappointed!""	review_date"
"This is absolutely perfect. I've never bought lingere online	 but am extremely glad I bought this one. I bought this to surprise my boyfriend on Valentine's Day. I weigh 140-150 lbs	 5'3\	 and wear a 34 D bra. I normally buy medium	 so I bought one size up. The large fits me pretty well	 except for the fact it doesn't cover or hold up my breasts as much as I was hoping. The fabric is extremely soft and there are no holes. This is just what I wanted.""	review_date"
"Comfortable	 lace is stretchy and not scratchy. Doesn't create any rolls or muffin tops due to the elasticity of the material and width of the straps. Imagine this would be flattering on most body types.	review_date"
"I am 5' and 115 pounds and I ordered a small. This lingerie is absolutely beautiful. If you have a short bust and up to a c cup it will look amazing on you. However	 if you are not petit	 you might need to order a M or L even if you normally wear a S. The material stretches to accommodate curves but you can't adjust the length of it.	review_date"
"I've been stocking up on lingerie for when my husband comes home from his NINE month deployment and I just know he will absolutely LOVE this piece.  As someone who has been buying from several brands	 I will say that this one is GREAT quality for an outstanding price. Buying this is a smart decision. The material is beautiful	 soft	 and breathable. Very stretchy. The ribbon is sturdy. Im 5'9 and 190 lbs. 36 C. I ordered the Large and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"My husband loves this lingerie on me	 I normally would never take that gamble and buy under garments online but it looked so gorgeous and stretchy and it was perfect! I weigh 150 I'm 5'7\ and I wear 34 D bra and the large for me was perfect! Give it a try you won't regret it!""	review_date"
"Man	 I was buying expensive	 boring stuff at the local exotic lingerie shops. Glad I told myself to look on Amazon	 So is Hubby:). The price unbeatable	 something different than your GRANNY'S or Mama's tutu at local stores and  local exotic lingerie shops. I was worried because I think they came from China or over seas and outfits would run small so I order X-larges	 I could have easily worn my size L. I'm 5'8 170lbs. Quality is okay	 not to cheap as I thought it would be I was surprise.	review_date"
"I have been trying to find something to suprise the boyfriend	since Lingerie is not my style.So Im not sure what to look for when purchasing.Purple and black are my colors	and im not comfortable in something that is too open.So this one seemed perfect.After arrival I tried it on.For reference Im 4\11 and 95lbs.I ordered a small	 where it seemed to fit well from bottom to top	 but a a little loose in the ribbon. but doable.Until I realized I was missing a cuff. =_=""	review_date"
"I'm always hesitant about buying lingerie around this price range	 especially online. However	 I am happy to say I was not disappointed. The color and sizing is accurate and the material is delicate	 soft	 and stretchy. This is not to say it is VS quality	 but it is worth it for the price. I would buy again!	review_date"
"I love this - Super sexy!  However	 I am about a size 10 and bought large.  It fits for the most part	 however the top is slightly smaller.  Everything wants to kind of fall out!  But I guess that's the point anyways.  But if I had to pick this one again	 I would go with the XL.  All other Avidlove items fit me well in a large though	 so I definitely won't complain!  Love their items!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! It鈥檚 extremely comfortable and soft. Feels well made for the price. The fit is a bit odd for me considering I am 5鈥? 150lbs	 and a 38DDD"
"There wasnt a whole lot i could go off of for me as a big girl so i took a stab at it. Im 5'4\ 195	 38D. I have my weight mainly in my stomach. I ordered a XL. Its small. XL seems like itd fit women 160 and under. Ill update when i order an 3XL. That is what seems like would fit me better. Other than that its gorgeous held up in the wash and dryer twice.""	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable. Fit my small figure nicely. Only wish the ribbons were longer to tie in nicer bows.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful addition to my collection of sexy apparel.  The blue is stunning.  The body suit is made if comfortable material with no itcy seams.  It hugs my curves perfect and I feel amazing wearing this.  The wrist cuffs are a fun addition!	review_date"
"I'm not big on lingerie	 but given the price	 decided to give this a try on vaca with hubby. I was surprised to find I actually loved it. The material was nice	 it was comfortable	 and I actually didn't feel awkward in it. I ordered a small- im 5'4 123 lbs and wear a 32b and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I followed the sizing chart since I'm a plus size women and even measured myself to ensure proper fit. However when this came it could have fit a toddler. Even though the size tag showed my size that I ordered it was WAY too small. It was sent back within the same day.	review_date"
"So	 I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh about 125lbs with B36鈥檚. I bought a small and was a little worried that it would be too small BUT	 it鈥檚 not. If you鈥檙e right in this size range	 this is what you should go with. It fits perfectly and I鈥檓 very happy with the materials. It will definitely get your spouses attention. It is a crotchless garment and sits perfectly on your curves. The handcuffs are very nice too. It is washer friendly	 I usually do a low setting with like garments. I highly recommend this product!	review_date"
"I felt like an 80's porn star getting back from a roller rink skate session when I put this on. The sides came up super high and if your into 80's fetish style work out this could be a great outfit to fit your particular taste!	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Fits well	 mine was a little big though. I'm planning on keeping mine as I'm fairly small and young but we all know most people don't stay snall forever. One thing I didn't think about but should've been obvious it that the ribbon will fold in half if you're laying halfway up or sitting up etc. That made the fit around the middle a little bit tight but it was easily forgotten. Cuffs fit well also	 albeit they were to big for me. I have super small wrists and hands though.	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece. I鈥檓 not the most confident in my body but I feel so sexy when I wear this. It鈥檚 great quality and it hugs my body perfectly. The only thing I鈥檇 change is the length of the ribbon on the neck and back. It鈥檚 a little bit too short and makes it kind of difficult to make a bow out of. Other than that I definitely recommend.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?175lbs and I bought the Large. It fits	 but the fit is not perfect. The vertical black lace bands are a little too close together	 but with a little maneuvering and a tight enough tie on the ribbon around the ribcage	 it does the job. I don鈥檛 think a size up would help	 though. The boyfriend is a real big fan.	review_date"
"Nothing lined up i ordered a large im 165 lbs and im 5'3 34DD and the strings tied weird it didnt lay on my skin in bunched and twisted up and it overall kept falling down in certain places it wasnt big enough to cover my boobs and to get the neck string to tie the underwear part came up to my belly button so im dissapointed with this purchase :/	review_date"
"Didnt fit me	review_date"
"No stretch room.  Fits horribly.  They just sewed on red ribbon to lace.  Super cheap.  Don't buy.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 too small and too large. Does not fit right at all.  It鈥檚 too large in length but too small in the tying part. I feel like this is only made for thin bodies. If you have actually boobs and are shorter then it is not for you.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 usually buy a lot of lingerie online because I don鈥檛 know how its going to fit and look on me. But this was actually really nice	 the material was good and comfortable...definitely felt sexy while having it on.	review_date"
"I purchased a large in this and it fit pretty well. I could have probably gone with a medium because it was a little big. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 145 lbs and wear a 34c. It was long enough for my torso and would probably be long enough for someone a couple inches taller. It鈥檚 really sexy and I really like it!	review_date"
"I have lost a little bit of weight since (and it still fits fine) but when I received it I weighed about 290 lbs and I am 5'3 and it fit pretty good and looked really sexy. I am now 255 and still fits	 so I would say there is some stretch to this. Very nice set.	review_date"
"exactly what I was expecting	 Very flattering for my figure.I am 5'11	 37-30-39 ish.	review_date"
"My hubby loved it he couldn't keep his hands of	 it fits very nice	 it has a stretch to so it's comfy not 2 tight. I ordered an xl im 180pounds and have ass and hips fits perfect	review_date"
"Slightly large on the top	 but other than that it was exactly what I expected. I ordered up a size because of China sizing and def recommend doing so. 5'6\	 B cup	 ~160lbs and I ordered a large for reference.""	review_date"
"Would have been super cute except the top straps that should cover your boobs are so close together that it doesn鈥檛 cover them it just covers your sternum. There is no stretch to make it work either. It looked real stupid I am returning	review_date"
"Fit me better than I had expected. My boyfriend's face when he saw this on me was priceless haha.Was afraid that having 32DDD would affect how the bust area would fit	 but it actually covered my nipples and stayed in place (until...).	review_date"
"Got a large thinking it would fit but if you have a D+ the boob part dont cover the nipps :p still very cute	 husband loved it!!!Hand cuffs are very easy to get out of :p	review_date"
"I super loved this outfit especially for the price this outfit fitted me well it gave me lil boobs I didn鈥檛 know I had and my butt looked bigger as well my boyfriend eyes came out his head seeing me in this outfit I loved it so much I鈥檓 going to order every color this fitted me well I bought a medium I鈥檓 5鈥? and I鈥檓 a 145 pounds I encourage anyone to buy this	review_date"
"BUY IT NOW! ya'll! This is so cute	  and fun.  I am not a lingerie person.  I never feel sexy	  just silly.  This is lovely! I felt so sexy putting it on	 and it makes me look like a 10!!	review_date"
"If you have a longer torso	 youll get a front wedgie as well as a back wedgie. Good luck. The bf still liked it but I felt insecure about how short it was.	review_date"
"It's a little weird to put on and take off but otherwise I loved these.  It was sexy without feeling overdone and super soft! I will definitely purchase from this company again.	review_date"
"Looks a bit loose. Got it for a friend's bachelorette party. Unless you are going to use it immediately	 I suggest keeping the picture it comes with since there are no instructions.	review_date"
"Cute especially in the back but too loose around the chest area - i bought a small and am a 34DD.  Unflattering in the front if you are large chested due to ZERO support.  Would recommend for maybe C cup or smaller.	review_date"
"Love it! I'm 5 '0\ and 110 pounds so I was working it would be too big but it fit great. Stretchy	comfortable	 and cute.""	review_date"
"It's cute and all	 but this is definitely not made for someone with huge breasts and hips. Couldn't get the lace to line up in the right places.	review_date"
"The product was cute and comfortable to wear	 but the bottom was a little too small. It may just be my body type- I have wider hips	 wear a size 12 pant usually. The top portion fit very well. I鈥檒l be returning it.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and about 135 pounds	 I got this in a size medium and it fit PERFECT. this lingerie is so sexy and the little cuffs are adorable. it seems to be well made and the lace is nice and stretchy. good material!	review_date"
"Love that it's halter so works for taller girls	  I'm 5'8 120lbs. I'm keeping it	  just wish the backside was more normal looking	review_date"
"The sewing was way off and uneven. I had to return because there was no way I could fix it	 but I'm going to try to order another and hope the stitching is right.	review_date"
"I'm not a tall person	 about 5'4	 and while it fit great in every place else	 it was way too short for me. Gave me a massive camel toe and i couldnt stand up straight without it pulling. sent it back and got a refund	review_date"
"I like it a lot. But I have some problems. I am 5 2 180lbs and I have 40DDD boobs and I ordered a large. It fits great on the bottom even for my chub well. But the boob part. I wish the straps were wider bc it doesn鈥檛 sit right. It doesn鈥檛 cover my nipples it just goes to one side or the other. (My man didn鈥檛 mind tho) the cuffs are cute and comfortable. My boyfriend is afraid he will break them and I kinda agree. They feel like they would just fall apart if he were to grab on to em. So they are more of an  Accessory	review_date"
"I'm 5'3	 135lbs	 34DD and the medium fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Looks great	 the medium fits an Asian girl who's 5ft8\ The material isn't stitched together perfectly	 that's my only drawback"
"This is a little tighter than I was expecting	 but fits well enough to wear. It's really sexy under a chiffon blouse.	review_date"
"I am absolutely in love with this! It's super sexy	 yet still comfortable. The lace isn't itchy	 and the lace is stretchy	 so it fits all your curves! I read other reviews that it ran small. I'm usually a small	 so I ordered a medium and the medium fits like a glove! I love this!	review_date"
"Not bad	 but it's not really supportive so your boons kinda hang to the sides instead of being pushed together like pictured. I guess I just imagined it'd be a little tighter in the chest region. Not bad tho	review_date"
"My boyfriend picked this out for me so my lingerie maternity shoot \u0026 I love it! I didn鈥檛 know the ass part was out but he loves that part even more lol.	review_date"
"Fits perfect and looks amazing!!	review_date"
"My husband loved this more than a red one I bought for 70$! I'm 5'4\ and got a L! 145lbs 38C fit great! The pink is really cute too! Very impressed!!馃尭鉂ｏ笍""	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"My husband loved this on me but it did feel slightly small in places. I am a big chested woman and it was difficult for my boobs to stay in the top. They just kept popping out with movement. Other than that	 super cute and comfortable. If you have curves	 this is perfect. It is not tight and will not squeeze...it hugs them gently. The cuffs are kinda pointless.	review_date"
"This was a gift for my wife.  She looked great in it and we had a great time.  The outfit delivered everything I was expecting/hoping for.	review_date"
"First of all	 I was extremely hesitant about buying lingerie online. This was worth it! The material was sturdier than I expected and very simple to put on and take off (which is not always the case with lingerie). I also liked the collar on this since I don't have a tiny neck and didn't end up feeling like it was too tight. The \handcuffs\"" are purely for decoration but are really comfortable!""	review_date"
"I love it	 I was worried it鈥檇 be cheapy looking or too short but it鈥檚 not. Fits great	 looks good	 looks just like the picture	 I got blue and it鈥檚 really cute.	review_date"
"Does not look as good as the pictures depicted.  I returned it  It was a mess to figure out how to put it on.	review_date"
"Nice	 soft fabric. Well-made. My husband loved it. It fit with no issues.	review_date"
"Great piece of lingerie. The material is lacy	 but also very soft to the touch. I ordered a size up since I prefer a looser fit and it worked perfectly because the top part can be pulled up as much as you want when you tie it up.	review_date"
"Fits very nicely	 ties around the neck so it鈥檚 pretty adjustable.  My wife says she feels very sexy in it	 and she likes that it has some tummy coverage for her amazing post-baby bod	 and the backside is a huge surprise!	review_date"
"Super cute. Fits great and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Have a semi-petite body with post baby weight/skin on stomach but was able to squeeze into a Medium.  I would recommend buying a size up.	review_date"
"My partner has a relatively larger cup size	 so it didn鈥檛 fit like it did in the picture. Still a fairly fun outfit.	review_date"
"first time i put this on	 the lace ripped from the seam 	 and the elastic was pulling away from the lace.	review_date"
"Fit as expected	 does nothing for the chest area so depending on your size (and not having implants) it's not very flattering.	review_date"
"I followed the reviews and ordered accordingly and it fit perfectly! I鈥檓 a medium and ordered an XL. I love it \u0026 am considering buying it in another color.	review_date"
"Oh baby. I used this for my boyfriends birthday to give him an extra special treat. I have no complaints	 Perfect	 he would rate it 10 stars lol	review_date"
"I ordered an XL originally	 I am 5'2 and about 195 lbs. It was unfortunately too small so returned and recently ordered the 2XL hoping that it would fit better and it felt the same as when I tried the XL.  I don't rarely order any type of clothing online so am disappointed that this occured.	review_date"
"Very cute	 but was too small	review_date"
"I love it. I'm 5.4 160 pounds got xl would've got large and woul fit better but I like it a lot. The fabric is very soft. Well done	review_date"
"I love it. The fitting is on point \u0026 when my BF sees it on me this wknd I wont be in for too long lolAnd the pink is just about a shade darker but it's cool.	review_date"
"I love this item so much	review_date"
"I love it. I'm 5`5 and 150. Its nice and stretchy so you don't end up with it digging into your sides.	review_date"
"Great for the price.  The quality is wonderful.  If you did not know you would think it was a Victoria's Secret collection.  Really nice. My husband liked it so much that he wants me to order another one.	review_date"
"For the price	 this is very cute.  However	 it had a small tear so I don鈥檛 think it will hold up for many uses.  I usually wear a medium and it fit as expected.	review_date"
"comfy sexy but the die used to color this got all over me and my bed	 it stained my bed sheets black	review_date"
"Excellent Product - Fast Delivery!	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite babydolls ever. I feel extra confident and fun wearing it! My partner	 of course	 thinks it's great too "
"Fit good	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!	review_date"
"Ridiculously small! Maybe it would fit a xxs size person but if you wear a m or l forget it	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Love it!! It's gorgeous. Very happy with my purchase! I will definitely buy from seller again. Arrived exactly as pictured! Thank you!	review_date"
"better than expected	 i thought the lace would be rough or itchy but its stretchy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Adorable and of course he loves it. A little complicated to put on but whatever	 totally worth it :)	review_date"
"SUPER GREAT QUALITY!!!! BUT: If you're tall this isn't going to work. I'm over 6'1 and the triangle that should have been covering my lady bits ended up covering my belly button.	review_date"
"I'm 5\^ and 208lbs ordered a XL due to reviews	 a L would have been better.""	review_date"
"Super cute. Looks just like pictures online. Excited to try it out.	review_date"
"Love their products! They fit perfectly \u0026 feel great!	review_date"
"sexyy	review_date"
"馃榿馃榿馃榿	review_date"
"The size fit as expected. The lace is centered towards the middle and tends to slip towards the midline.	review_date"
"Fits well. I ordered medium. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?135lbs size 6 chest 34b.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits great and looks great	review_date"
"One of my favorite pieces of lingerie now. Super cute	review_date"
"True to size. kneck part really baggy. Going return	review_date"
"Fiance loved it. Was comfortable but ran a little large compared to sizing chart.	review_date"
"My boyfriend especially liked the \handcuffs.\""""	review_date"
"Love it! Fits so perfectly and believe it or not it hides the fat lol	review_date"
"Fits well	review_date"
"Basically	 it is very cheap.  I guess you get what you pay for.  I bought a similar one somewhere else with very soft material.	review_date"
"Runs very small.	review_date"
"If you have a short torso this will fit. Poor quality the chain broke when trying it on.	review_date"
"He loved it and i felt sexy.	review_date"
"The material is hard and the fit is really small. I ordered an XL and lokked more like a medium. There is no way that an XL frame would fit in an XL of these chamises.	review_date"
Very much loved by my significant other
"Really sexy. Good quality. Has some stretch to it which is nice. The lace is soft very comfortable	review_date"
"I'd never purchased lingerie from amazon before but I'm glad I did! Although the price was cheap	 the quality \u0026 feel are perfect.	review_date"
"Super cute. Got exactly what was in pictures. Fit perfect. Im 5ft 115 lbs i got a small and fit good. Very happy	review_date"
"Read a lot of reviews and it fit well and was sexy! Definitely a fun item for a great price!	review_date"
"Loved this! Super comfy and cute. The material is stretchy. Only issue with it is that the front V cut doesn't go as far as it does in the picture. It's still very low cut but not as much as I wanted. I'm a thin 5'7 so if you're any shorter	 prepare for a higher V cut than the picture.	review_date"
"somewhat to large in the neck	 but other than that fit well! material is super soft!	review_date"
"Awesome.  Just awesome when the GF wears it	review_date"
"I am not able to tie the ribbons in a neat bow	 but I think I am the only one that paid any attention to it. I bought a size small and It fits perfectly	review_date"
"Super sexy and fits great.	review_date"
"Arrived ripped/damaged	review_date"
"Eh. Doesn鈥檛 support boobs AT ALL. I though maybe if I tied it tied around the neck it might support a little	 but nope.	review_date"
"She looks great in it!!! Very flattering on curvy women. Cuffs really don't do anything though.	review_date"
Who needs VS when this is cute and affordable. Enjoy 
"I put it on and it fit perfect.  Havent wore it anywhere yet or washed it.  But im still satisfied.	review_date"
"First off	 I'm 5'11\ 170 lbs	 36DD	 a size 10/12 in clothes and I ordered an XL. It fit perfectly! I loved it. My boyfriend loved it. Not sure that it would work as well for shorter women bc the middle piece is long	 but being so tall	 it was like it was made for me. Probably buying this is another color bc it was such a success.""	review_date"
"great price	 looked really sexy my boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Absoutly love this outfit	 as does my boyfriend! Fits great	 and looks amazing on.	review_date"
"The fit is weird at the top. It looks strange because of where the tie rests. It's good quality for the price but it won't be one of my favorites due to the fit issue. The size was correct. I ordered a small. I'm a size 0 or 2. 34C. About 115 pounds.	review_date"
"My husband loves the outfit on me. I personally didn't like how loose it was in certain places and my order didn't have the cuffs included in it like the others. I'm a 38D and assumed an XL would have fit nicely but it was too loose. So I think next time try a size smaller. Overall loved it.	review_date"
"beautiful!  Fits perfect	 has a perfect stretch to it.	review_date"
"Garbage quality. Fell apart at the seams on the first wearing. Didn鈥檛 even get to wash it. Went straight into the garbage . Don鈥檛 waste your money!	review_date"
"wore this of my ex on his birthday ( he was my boyfriend then) he  loved it! and it fit perfect	review_date"
"Very sexy! Looks great!	review_date"
"I just got this product and I think it fits well and I usually wear a size 6 jean but my chest is bigger and it fits pretty well. The lace is really nice and it is what I expected for the product.	review_date"
"Great for the bedroom! Other half loved it!	review_date"
"Neck line does not fit like picture	review_date"
"Love it! Soft material	 true to size! Absolutely perfect!!!	review_date"
"PERFECT	review_date"
"If you are a long torso-ed gal	 beware.	review_date"
"This is the most flattering one piece I've ever tried! Being a taller/slimmer person (5'7\ 32C) I as afraid this may not be long enough in the waist	 but the halter design was super adjustable. Excellent lingerie for the price!""	review_date"
"Fit as described and fit true to size. Love it!	review_date"
"This is amazing... my partner loves it	review_date"
"Wish the pieces where alittle wider. Being a bustier girl	 the girls just do whatever they want in this!	review_date"
"loved this!!!!!!	review_date"
"Is better then expected! I鈥檓 5鈥? 140lbs and ordered Medium which fits perfectly	review_date"
"great for a low price	review_date"
"Perfect product!!!!	review_date"
"Fun	  inexpensive lingerie	review_date"
"Poor quality. Not worth the asking price	 should be under $8.00. The sizing was 75% right	 but if you are 5' 9\ medium is too small. No thought in construction	 pieces were sewn together off center. Production uses cheapest material possible	 with no thought towards fine tuning the finished garment.""	review_date"
"Im 5ft 5in 200 pds and got a xl fits and feels great cant wait to for hubby..	review_date"
"I wasn't sure what to expect when I purchase it but I have no regrets.......nice touch of lace......bought it as apart of  a surprise gift.....Thank u!!!	review_date"
"Hubby loved it!!!	review_date"
"Great price	 fit is as expected.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Item is true to size and I am  a plus size	 full figured	 curvy-shaped woman. Very nice fit!	review_date"
"Looks good on. Like the cuffs	review_date"
"don't waste your money	review_date"
"Bought item and arrived fairly quickly. Fits perfect. Looks just like the picture. Only bad thing I could say about the item is there were a couple loose strains of fabric	review_date"
"Based on other reviews I expected the red ribbon parts of the outfit to be adjustable--they are not. They are sewn onto the lace and you cannot adjust the outfit to fit your body.	review_date"
"Super cute!! The lace is incredibly comfortable! Great quality. 馃槉	review_date"
"Fits true to size. I'm 140 lbs	 34c and ordered a small. Looks very sexy and flattering when on!! Love it!	review_date"
"Me and my honey love this outfit. Im small ordered small could have used xsmall but keeping it made it work. It's supper sexy	 light weight	 looks just like the picture. Buying another one in another color. I definitely recommend!!!!	review_date"
"It was way too big when I ordered off the size chart. I ordered an XL and probably should have gotten a medium.	review_date"
"The product is very nice. Looks exactly like the picture and description. The only thing is it鈥檚 not true to size. I ordered a small as I do most of my lingerie	 and it was still pretty loose. If you are going to order this whatever your size is just go a size down.	review_date"
"Very satisfied	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a nice babydoll but the quality is so cheap so it makes you itchy can鈥檛 keep it too long.	review_date"
"Obviously this is an extremely cheap piece of lingerie but....I love it! Fits perfectly! The breast part stays in place and the lace is stretchy and comfy. I have a tall torso so one piece it's can be super uncomfortable for me but it was just long enough and stretchy enough so it works.	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. It wasn't itchy like some cheap lingeries are. It was great.	review_date"
"My friend loves this	review_date"
"got nothing but compliments wearing it and feel really sexy in it .. would buy again for sure	review_date"
I love this and so does my husband! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 130 lbs \u0026 a 34c
"Super sexy 100%as expected	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"I'm a small women and usually a small is big on me so I ordered a small and let me tell you it's very small	review_date"
"Very sexy and fun outfit for when you want to spice things up sexually or if you just want to look good for your partner.	review_date"
"Sexy!  Sexy!  Sexy!  I look so hot in this. I got the purple and it looks great against my skin. My bf will loooove!!!	review_date"
"Looked small out of the package. Fits perfectly and looks great	review_date"
"I didn't like how it looked on me at first but it grew on me. It didn't hold my boob's in place and fall out of it. It looked like it did In the picture but it should've been expected since I am a DDD	review_date"
"Love it!  Super sexy	 I recommend tying the halter around your neck as it mimics the look of a choker.	review_date"
"This outfit is soooooooo cute in person BUT it's way to small. (Boobs)	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable:)	review_date"
"I have prime so this came super quickly! It fits as expected	 I ordered a US Small but it's still a little large on me (5'3	 32C bust	 size 5-7 in pants	 22\ waist	 ~140lb). I like my clothes form fitting so if there was an XS that would have been preferable	 but I'm still thrilled with it!""	review_date"
"Cheap ribbon. Would not recommend. Liked the cute handcuffs with lace/ribbon but overall looked cheap.	review_date"
"5'5\ 130lbs. Good product. Soft lace	 seems like it would be flattering on most figures	 very stretchy	 and holds up well after multiple wears""	review_date"
"Doesn't look good on	 looks very cheap	review_date"
"Cheap and weird	review_date"
"was ripped when i opened the package - didn't even put it on. when i did it was cut all wrong and wouldn't fit. very disappointed.	review_date"
"I love this piece! It is so nice	 and one of my favorite pieces I have now.	review_date"
"Sexy!  I'm happy with the way it fits me.  I'm a bit top-heavy so fit is always a concern	 but the lace is stretchy and the ribbons can be adjusted to squeeze the waist.	review_date"
"Ordered a size up because usually you have to	 but in this case I should have went with my regular size! Great product!	review_date"
"My gf was blown away with this gift (as was I) and she said it's sultry and exciting to wear for some fun changes.	review_date"
"Bought it as a bachelor party gift. My friend and her fiance loved it. Good quality and very sexy.	review_date"
"Im 6 foot 168lbs and this actually fits! Get your actual size..i ordered a large so it wouldnt give love handles and could have went with a medium but wasnt huge	review_date"
I ordered a couple of sizes up because I read this outfit ran small. Love it. My boyfriend dug it too 
"They forgot to sew a piece together	 also very ill fitting when avidlove stuff usually fits well. Wouldn't reccomend	 I am returning it.	review_date"
"I have large breasts and they hung out in a most unbecoming fashion. Definite return on this one.	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Way to small	review_date"
"Very cute	 I am not a huge fan of the heart shape on the backside	 but it looks great on.	review_date"
"I have a longer torso and fits uncomfortably	 other than that it is like expected.	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"Very sexy .perfect fit	review_date"
"Love it! It looks just like the pic	 and great quality fabric	review_date"
"The fabric is a good quality	 fits perfect	 arrived earlier	 looks amazing on me! I love it	review_date"
"Runs a little small	 but super sexy. Husband loves it when I wear it.	review_date"
"Hubby loves it!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"This is HOT! Fits perfectly and so soft.	review_date"
"Honestly	 the cheapest lingerie I鈥檝e ever bought but the material and the fit was the BEST I鈥檝e ever bought. Strechy	 soft	 and super sexy on! Will buy again from this company!!	review_date"
"I'm 120lbs. Small bust. Got a small and it fit perfectly. Great material. Should last a while if hand washed. Bf thoroughly enjoyed his anniversary gift. 馃槈	review_date"
"You get what you pay for	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"My partner and I both LOVED this little outfit	 I鈥檇 totally recommend to anyone looking to feel a little sexier. Not sure how many times the cuffs will hold up for but for the price it鈥檚 definitely worth it!	review_date"
"Love this.	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Super cute and naughty	review_date"
"The size was off	 I have a longer torso.  Also	 the overall quality was terrible and the ribbon pieces felt like paper.  I returned this.	review_date"
"Fits well and good quality!	review_date"
"Super cute! Bought a medium - I'm 5'5\ 130lbs	 fit perfect. So soft. Highly recommend.""	review_date"
"Love it !!!!	review_date"
"Sexy and fits well!	review_date"
"As expected-	review_date"
"I love it!! It's exactly want I was looking forIt's sexy and looks great with some heels 馃拫It fits great and is comfortableI brought for my boyfriend and he loves it!!	review_date"
"The wife loves it . so do i 馃槑	review_date"
"Material gives some more than I expected	 5'7\ and ~150 lb	 I could have probably gone medium rather than large. Nice quality	 extremely soft. Would definitely buy Avidlove products again based on this one item.""	review_date"
"Perfect sexy little number for Valentine's day	review_date"
"Love the material and the design. Too small for my height 5鈥?鈥? but fit perfect around	review_date"
"Happy with my purchase	 I am deff going to buy other colors.	review_date"
"My wife and I really liked it but it repped the first time we used it!! I was really looking forward to seeing her in it a few more time I guess not!	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Cute	 sexy and it fits!	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"I really like this! It feels great on and also makes you feel sexy and fun :) Only 4 stars bc it鈥檚 a bit big on the sides (I ordered an XL)	 but not enough to make me not feel good in it.	review_date"
"Size is way off . Too small . But good material . Too bad doesn't fit good.	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Fit on small side	review_date"
"Fits perfect and great quality	review_date"
"Cheap but very sexy. I'm 5'5 165lb 36dd bra. I got a xl. There was breast side spillage but very nice for dressing up in bedroom.	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Loved it on her even better off her.	review_date"
"excellent fit	 great material!!	review_date"
"The ribbons were way to small. I couldn't even tie it in the back	 but everything else was way too big.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Perfect! Was exactly what I expected.	review_date"
"The piece itself is cute and I would have kept it if the proportions were right. The space between ribbons is way off	 I was basically choking myself. It may just be my body type though.	review_date"
"Too small for the size I purchased. It also did not come with the cloth handcuffs as pictured. I was disappointed.	review_date"
"Very cute	 i love it. The neck is a little big for me. But its awesome	review_date"
"Love this so cute! Fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Great! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 140 and I got a medium! It鈥檚 super sexy!	review_date"
"The small was like a medium	review_date"
"Very cute.  My husband loved it!! And it was perfect for my body type.	review_date"
"I am so happy with this item. I was skeptical about ordering lingerie off of Amazon but it fits so perfectly and is so flattering. It is not cheaply made at all	 it's a very pretty piece	 I'm in love!	review_date"
"Love this very cute and simple	review_date"
"Worst quality ever	review_date"
"If you are tall size up	 but other than that actually a great product for what you pay! Not itchy at all	 like a lot of other cheap lace products are.	review_date"
"He loved it	 and it's super soft!	review_date"
"sexy and just the perfect gift for my husbands birthday ! it fit perfect	review_date"
"Did NOT fit as shown. The lace top was sewn onto the red extremely close together making the top not fit in any of the correct places. Mine only has maybe an inch of red inbetween the black lace top.	review_date"
"as expected material	 fit was flattering	review_date"
"I only took off a star because the description said it was crotchless but it isn't but it's no big deal to me.  Very very sexy I can't wait to show it off on Valentine's day.	review_date"
"Super sexy and flattering. Buy it!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 to short for it	review_date"
"Really cute! No support at all but that is to be expected. all around like it.	review_date"
"Fit and quality of this piece were both great. I'm a size 16 and 38C and ordered an XL.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really cute but I couldn鈥檛 really figure out my size. I ordered a large according to the reviews. I鈥檓 175lbs and 5鈥?. It did the trick lol	 my gf loved it but the cuffs are useles	review_date"
"I really loved this item. It fit great	 was very comfortable and didn't feel like a cheap piece of Lingerie.	review_date"
"true to size. I'm a size 34c or 32dd	 small in bottoms and the small fit.	review_date"
"This looks exactly like the picture and is super sexy. My boyfriend loved it. I'm 5'8\ and 140 lbs and ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.""	review_date"
"This product ripped while trying it on... do not waste your money like I did 馃槖	review_date"
"Love it! I鈥檓 5鈥? and around 130 and I got a medium and it鈥檚 perfect! I鈥檓 pretty small chested and all around pretty small so I鈥檇 say runs a tad small in size. Love it tho :)	review_date"
"The fit wasn't bad but I received the item damaged. One of the straps on the throng was broken. I don't have time go through the hassle of returning it so I will sew it back together myself. Very poorly made...	review_date"
"Fit my bottom half but not the top and was missing the wrist ties. Needless to say I鈥檓 returning the item.	review_date"
"Only able to wear once. Lace is too thin and fragile... ripped the second time putting it on.	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"Didn't feel to sexy in it. Thats just me. But loved the material not itchy at all!	review_date"
"Very small fit	 the red material fits kind of weird	 and it鈥檚 it super stretchy.	review_date"
"I only received the cuffs and I was even very disappointed in the cuffs they were tapped!! Yes tapped! I didn't receive no lingerie which I was really upset about.	review_date"
"Perfect I'm 5\7.5	 34c and 179lbs. Got an XL great fit great stretch look amazing hubby loved it. A gotta have ladies.""	review_date"
"Very cute!	review_date"
"Lace feels great and it's sexy and cute on. Really comfortable. Quality could be a bit better but for the price it's a great purchase! I got the dark purple	 love!	review_date"
"Super cute on! Everything I expected and more.	review_date"
"I bought the purple lace body. MediumI'm 5'2\ and a uk8-10	 US8. 137lbFits perfectly.Great qualityLooks super sexy.Definitely buying from this company again""	review_date"
"I absolutely love this it could be a bit bigger but overall i love it can't wait to show this to my husband :)	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Amazing!!! perfect fit and very comfortable. A great deal for your dollar. I highly recommend	review_date"
"Not the item ordered. Cheap! Cheap! Cheap!	review_date"
"My wife loved it the only problem is both are cut a bit larger then we expected.	review_date"
"With such a bargain price I was hesitant but pleasantly surprised!	review_date"
"Ordered a M (5'1 \u0026 140lbs	 b/c in the boobs) this fit perfectly	 i found nothing bad about it	review_date"
"The item was just as expected. No complaints.	review_date"
"very cheap. Was torn when we received it. Defiantly some wish ap for a dollar type stuff	review_date"
"Fits \u0026 looks great!!	review_date"
"For the price	 it was pretty cute! Did not fit in the bust area that well however.	review_date"
"5'4\	 155 lbs. and curvy. Medium fit perfectly! With the ribbons	 you can tie tighter or looser to make more comfortable. The wrist ties are pretty loose.""	review_date"
"need more	review_date"
"Loved it and fit great!	review_date"
"For the price I was happy enough with it. Not a high quality item but the price reflects that.	review_date"
"Fit in all the right places	review_date"
"Material is so cheap but def did the job!!	review_date"
"cheap material	review_date"
"Cute and comfortable	 I am 5'7\ around 140 and the medium fit well. Fairly easy to tie yourself. Great outfit for turning up things in the bedroom.""	review_date"
"The breast cup was small	review_date"
"this fit exactly perfect!	review_date"
"Perfect! So sexy for Valentine's Day! Fit was perfect	 not too small at all.	review_date"
"Nicely product fits exactly as we thought	review_date"
"This teddy is so pretty	 classy and sexy as heck. My measurements are 36-29-39 and I ordered a medium. I probably could have got a small. Very stretchy and you could easily do your \playing\"" and not take it off.  Make your partner use their imagination. Can't wait for my husband to get home from work.馃槤""	review_date"
"Great quality for the price! Super cute! Nothing negative to report! Fits as expected.	review_date"
"So cute	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife... It's awesome. It's not something to wear for extended hours but hey it is a lot of fun.	review_date"
"It is just like the picture.	review_date"
"i love it	 fit as expected	 very sexy for special occasions	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"Love it! Have had it a week and it's still together perfectly! Fits right and holds everything together	review_date"
"Proportions were off	 didn鈥檛 even remotely look attractive. Waste of money.	review_date"
"Very cute idea	  but if your busty not for you	review_date"
"Ami pareja le encanta y ami 馃槏	review_date"
"It fit perfectly! My boyfriend really loved it!	review_date"
"Perfecto 馃槏	review_date"
"The little handcuff lace did not come in the package	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"My fiancee loved it even more. Good for the price.	review_date"
"So Sexy and Perfect	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. I'm 5'	 110lbs	 and 32C.	review_date"
"I love it and so does my husband. It fits great.	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits amazing. Great quality for the price. Would highly recommend and I might just have to buy it in every color	review_date"
"My husband loves it 馃枓馃枓	review_date"
"ooo baby made the night extra special	review_date"
"Girlfriend surprised me with this in vegas and boy oh boy was I more than happy with it! Let's just say it was a good night and anyone woman looking to surprise her man should get one. All I have to say....	review_date"
"My husband loves it how it looks on me	review_date"
"Its ok	review_date"
"Fits really good. I love it	review_date"
"Super cute!!I am curvy and it fit great!I usually wear a 12 	 Large was just right.XL would have been too big taking it from sexy to saggy.Husband's eyes popped out of his head 馃憖Get this You won't be disappointed!!!	review_date"
"It came ripped up	 wasted my money.	review_date"
"Perfect and sexy! Runs true to size!	review_date"
"Simply beautiful !!!	review_date"
"Super pretty. Decent quality. WAY small	review_date"
"Sexy and fits perfect. Highly recommend this outfit	review_date"
"Didn't fit my wife right . wish to get refund	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"My baby was satisfied	review_date"
"One of my husbands favorites on me. I use the cloth cuffs on him too 馃槣	review_date"
"pretty	review_date"
"Its great	review_date"
"Fits great and is made of excellent quality I鈥檓 very impressed with this product!	review_date"
"Ordered an XL and it fits like a M	review_date"
"Perfect fit and very comfortable according to my fianc茅. It looked amazing.	review_date"
"Good quality however made for someone with a long torso	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable but the sizing chart didn't help any. The product is much too large.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Good quality for the price	review_date"
"Very poor material and the product was almost pink it was so faded.	review_date"
"Fits well	 easy to put on	review_date"
"I was actually surprised at just how much I enjoyed wearing this!It fit wonderfully	 and was just stretchy enough to accommodate my chest without tugging elsewhere.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Love it	 comfy and cute. Just a bit hard to tie on yourself.	review_date"
"This product came in one day early. The material is so soft. Fits perfectly and it's very sexy. My husband loved it. I've had two children and it hid any areas I'm more self conscious about.  I ordered a size large. My measurements are chest 38	 waist 33 1/2	 hips 40. This is sooo flattering. I'm definitely going to order more colors and more from this company.	review_date"
"Fast delivery and actually fit perfect!!! Love it!! 馃挌馃挌	review_date"
"I thought it may be small but it got here and it's perfect. I love it.	review_date"
"Got this for my anniversary and my boyfriend loved it!! Definitely would recommend!!	review_date"
"Looks nice! Go up one size from what you normally wear epescially if your curvy.	review_date"
"Love these very soft and the pockets are the best!	review_date"
"loved this! i'm a small person (5'2	 105 lbs) so i expected it to be too big on me (XS) and it actually fit great!	review_date"
"I can't believe how perfect this was! SUPER SEXY ON!! For the price I should've got one in every color!!	review_date"
"I wear an XL in everything so i thought an XL was good for this.. It came small.	review_date"
"Returned fir larger size	review_date"
"Strap is broke out of the package and it's the last one so can only get refund	review_date"
"This will fit any shape or size beautifully! I'm so happy with this purchase!	review_date"
"The neck collar isn鈥檛 too great as a fit	review_date"
"I love it and fits really good	review_date"
"What a sexy piece of lingerie. The lingerie comes in two parts. The onepiece has an underwire bra attached to the panties that only cover the crotch. The rest is all ribbons and strings. The second piece is a similar piece of frilly lingerie handcuffs. I cannot wait for my special lady to try this on. It will make for a perfect birthday or Valentine's Day gift for that special someone. Very happy with the quality and construction of this lingerie piece.	review_date"
"Fits well. Love the color	review_date"
"Reqlly sexy and true to size!! I love it	review_date"
"I'm a cam girl/ cam model. I always have to shop for new lingerie. I saw the reviews and thought I should get the biggest size. I was happy i got it fast! It is really nice and doesn't rip. NOT being rude or anything it is meant for tiny girls with tiny chest and booty. I am a DD and have a big butt. That is the only down fall. If you are tiny this is perfect for you!:)	review_date"
"beatyfull	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It fit perfect and am very pleased. Will order again!!	review_date"
"Fits really well. TTS. I personally loved it	review_date"
"It for perfectly	 haven't tried it out yet on the boyfriend but  I was happy with the way it fit and looked	review_date"
"Loved it. And great quality	review_date"
"This is totally worth buying	review_date"
"I am a size 12-14 pant	 and the XL fits great. Super comfortable and well made.	review_date"
"The hubs loved this! It got so well. It was so comfortable too!	review_date"
"A little loose in the abdomen area	 but other than that it fits great	review_date"
"didn't like the feeling of the neck and its just a bit too small around the breast area	review_date"
"Loving this addition to my lingerie collection! Fits great- XL per size chart. I'm 5'9	 155 pounds	 36DD. I gained 10 pounds or so over the holidays	 but still feel super sexy in this. Quality material for the price... Better than expected.  No issues with ribbons being too short to tie. Also	 the lace cuffs add that extra touch. Can't wait to wear it !!	review_date"
"My Husband loves this on me	review_date"
"My fiance' loves it.  So do I.	review_date"
"I love it! It fits great and my boyfriend loves it. I would recommend if you think on getting it	 get it!	review_date"
"Very disappointed. A 2x should have fit with no problem. Is being returnedXmas	review_date"
"This lingerie is hot 	 my boyfriend love it. I'm 5'2\ curvaceous body with a big \""You know what\"" i order the size medium and it perfect fit.""	review_date"
"I was actually surprised by the quality.  It got nicely and good material.	review_date"
"Cheap junk	review_date"
"The fit was perfect	review_date"
"I loved it came fast too	review_date"
Lovinggggg this outfit! So did he
"So good	review_date"
"Nice material	 the midriff piece fit my torso well.  Makes me feel sexy!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Made so cheap	review_date"
"Really sexy	 fit as expected!	review_date"
"Pretty good quality considering the price! Not for you if you are looking for something VictoriaSecret-high-end-esque	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks great.	review_date"
"LOVE how silky soft and stretchy the lace was. I felt as though this fit to size	 SO SEXY!!!	review_date"
"Fits good and looks great!	review_date"
"Soft lace. I like it.	review_date"
"Fits and looks perfect!	review_date"
"I liked the color the most	review_date"
"Fits very well and as expected. The red tie ons are a bit of a cheap material but overall you can make it work. The front I am absolutely in love with but the back of it where the butt is looks a little awkward considering it doesn't go into a thong but around the butt instead. Doesn't look flattering	review_date"
"Looks amazing fit as expected	review_date"
"This was beautiful.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"fell apart after first wash.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"So cute !! My bf loved it 鉂わ笍 And it fit perfectly fine I got a small and I'm 4'11 .	review_date"
"It loook sooooo sexy on OMG  good material	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Loved it!!	review_date"
"Love it !! Comfy and looks exactly like photo	review_date"
"Came with big hole in lace	review_date"
\Best Christmas present EVER!\" said my husband. 
"My husband loves it	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"The material was comfortable	review_date"
"Very cute and great for the price	review_date"
"My husband loved this!! Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Love it ! So comfy and sexy	review_date"
"I'm very disappointed with this. First off they didn't send my right size. I ordered XL I got XXL so doesn't fit in any way shape or form. The cup wire is the wrong size it's XXL but the wire in the cup is like for a medium bra size smh. I was looking forward to wearing for my husband now I can't . And to send it back is just to much trouble. Nice color came on time that's all that's good.	review_date"
"Great fit	 the material is soft and just as described.	review_date"
"lovvveeeee	review_date"
"Love this! My man does too	 this will look good on any breast size! I got a medium im 5'9 145lbs with A cups and it looks amazing on me	 im very happy with the results	 i would have given it 5 stars but the tie on the neck part looks kinda funny	 it doesnt fit like a choker would	 but overall very sexy.	review_date"
"I am 5'7 with a 26 waist and a 34 C	 I ordered a medium based on someone else's  review mentioning that it runs small... anyways	 looks like a cheap version of the picture and it's definitely not open crotch	 it's just g-string? I guess you really do get what you pay for. Not worth it ladies and gents. (Only if you want to look like mike wizoski from monsters inc) last time I buy lingerie on the cheap and on Amazon.	review_date"
"Really pretty	review_date"
"I bought this in size small. The fit was true to size. I think it would fit better if your breast size is a B. I am a 34A	 5'0	 115lbs.  And the ribbon around the neck was too big after I tied it. But overall	 a sexy outfit to wear. My SO approves!	review_date"
"Material is very soft. I'm 5'3 130 lbs. and I ordered the medium. the underwear part is not stretchy at all which makes it hard to fit. I am slim and have a big butt so everything else fit. It's hard to get on and off at that part which is not good for what this is for! It isn't terrible so I am still contemplating returning it and ordering a bigger size.	review_date"
"Wonderful product!!!!	review_date"
"This little outfit sure is sexy and for the most part it fits well.  I bought the largest size (I'm a 14-16 US size) and the panty part is a little snug but still wearable.  The handcuffs that come with the outfit are super sexy	 and the ribbon is easy to tie making the outfit overall a winner.	review_date"
"I usually wear a size 12/14  (5'6 and 186lbs)	 ordered the XL and it fit great!  Looks super cute and very sexy.  Thought the satin ties would look cheap	 but they look great.  It is soft and comfortable and not scratchy.  This was my first online purchase of this type and I am hooked!  For the price	 I was impressed.	review_date"
"Fits as expected however	 it arrived with the right bottom strap totally not even sewn into the thong. The left side was fine	 but it simply came defective which was a bummer because I ordered it as part of a costume for a special event.Not sure if they come defective often	 so be prepared to do some hand stitching.Otherwise the lace is soft and stretchy and very comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"While this was a great purchase and I love the product	 the fit is not as expected. I ended up ordering an XXL size hoping that it would work for my top and leave a comfortable fit for the waist. For a 5'5\ size 14 bra DDD	 the top was too small and the bottom was way too large. The product information led me to believe that having a larger bust wouldn't be an issue	 but that made the ribbon that tied around the neck an awkward and tough fit. The waist ended up being too big.This will work but wish that it was as versatile as they made it out to be.Later addition"
"I鈥檓 175 pounds @ 5鈥?鈥?with a wide set of hips (just had a baby	 waiting for the damn things to go back). It just seems like it鈥檚 made for people who don鈥檛 have long torsos... but the material is super comfy	 and as long as you鈥檙e good with high riding undies	 it fits decently. And is sexy af	review_date"
"I was scared it wasn't gonna fit cause I am a thicker girl (in all the right places) but I love it...it fits good the bows do look a little funny but you get what I pay for ... they could have made the breast part a little bigger being that I got a xl for that purpose. I weigh 197. Wear a size 14 and Cup size 40d and I order a xl ...hope this helps. I can't wait to wear it for my man	review_date"
"This product is gorgeous but fits a little weird. I'm not super happy with the quality of the ribbon	 it is very thin and feels like it would break easily. Other than that	 it fits as expected and the lace stretches enough to fit comfortably.	review_date"
I am 5'3\ athletic with a C cup. I ordered a SMALL and it fits perfect. My guys mouth dropped. It was a hit
"Overall very nice and better than I actually expected. Only reason I could not give it 5 stars it's the chest tie almost does not tie around me. I got the XXL and it says chest is 40-43 inches.. I wear a 40d so I was thinking it would be prefect.. it ties but barely. Everything else stretches nicely and the cuffs are a nice touch!	review_date"
"I am not a little woman so I ordered the xlg. If you are tall like I am	 it will be slightly uncomfortable. However	 it is made well and matches the picture.	review_date"
"Not very flattering on a larger body	review_date"
"to thoose of you loves to be sexy in the eyes of the beholder dont hesitate to get this or order this as i can guarantee you the beauty of this outfit especially on the beach as i wore it and lots receceived compliment. 100% satisfied with this in freshness outfit. it is adjustable and true to fit	review_date"
"Although its a bit big on me I still love it! I'm very petite so finding things that fit is harder for me its just barely too long which is easily fixed. The fabric is very soft and stretchy	review_date"
"I was somewhat surprised to see that this actually fits and looks great on me. I love it! The price is great for the product you receive!	review_date"
"Received mine today and it's beautiful....fits wonderfully. However	 I didn't get the lace cuffs with mine which was a big bummer because I was looking forward to my husband using those laster tonight.	review_date"
"My Mans eyes went to back of his head!!All I hear now isPut the little blue outfit onVery sexyFit perfect	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this. I am a bigger woman of 210. I have lost 350lbs and it鈥檚 hard to find things I feel pretty and sexy in. This was amazing. My blinder body makes it hard to find something I feel sexy in. I had my skin removed that made it even worse I have what my daughter named a sad turtle across my abdomen this covered it. =) I am hold and weight loss took its toll on me and this sweet thing covered all my problem areas. HAPPINESS PEOPLE. I LOVE THIS THING LONG TIME!  Its size is perfect it鈥檚 sweet and the little wrist things are just perfect. This thing is adorable and all the color options. You can be seductive	 sweet	 you could get bunny ears for Easter	 or do something sweet for valentines these are just so versatile. THEY MAKE ME WANT TO BE JUST SWEET SEXY AND EVERYTHING!  The darker colors you could get a collar and chair and get your freak on! I love to be dominated! Or you if you don鈥檛 feel that get something sweet or go on that submissive flavor. this sweet thing is just beautiful. Highly recommend. LOVE IT SO MUCH!	review_date"
"Soooo sexy! Lost one star though because the center strip of lace is a bit too long.. then again I'm only 5'2\ but yeah""	review_date"
"This thing had the breast padding all over the place... one was close to my belly button and the other to my neck lol...	review_date"
"I loved this piece. It was sexy and flattering. I'm not thin but I'm not really heavy. I just carry my weight in all the \wrong\"" places lol. This made me feel good and sexy. I loved the color. Although I didn't know the back had a \""thong\"" piece. I'll probably remove it so its more \""open\""""	review_date"
"I'm 5'4 120lbd it fits fine. It isn't the best but I didn't pay high dollar for it either.	review_date"
"Was a lil surprised but they the back of this lil sexy number when I put it on	 but felt so sexy. The honey thought it was amazing	review_date"
"This item is definitely worth the buy. Great material. fits perfet \u0026 looks just like the picture !!! Can wait to wear it :)	review_date"
"I like this item	 but the ribbon ties around the neck and back don't sit exactly the way I would have liked.  Also because they are a bit short they don't tie nicely into a bow.  Otherwise the item is very sexy and appreciated by those who see it worn.	review_date"
"The fit was great except the portion that connects the top to the bottom along the torso. It was too long for me (5'5\).""	review_date"
"I am giving 5 stars because this is a good quality item and cute	 but way too small for me.	review_date"
"Its very pretty but wouldn't fit past my chest let alone up to be tied around my neck	review_date"
"Super cute! I wish my butt was more toned for this	 but no fault of the product's.	review_date"
"In my opinion this was not the best piece of evening wear. The \wrist restraints\"" are really poorly put together not that you should have expected much from the garment by the depiction in the advertisement. I didn't like the fit of this or the look of this maybe it was my model but it just wasn't as flattering as I had hoped.""	review_date"
"the halter top is adjustable. makes it bit better	 not itchy	review_date"
"Looked wonderful on me! It for properly and was compfy.	review_date"
"It was ok.  My guy still liked it.	review_date"
"Super cute and nice quality. Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I am giving 3 stars cuz it was coming apart in the seams where the bottom meets the panty. Not worth returning	 but would look good on otherwise.	review_date"
"Cute and not scratchy	review_date"
"Uncomfortable	review_date"
"I love how it fit and the material. My honey loved it on me and loved taking it off. Lol. It was really nice will be ordering more!!	review_date"
"Surprised it arrived crotchless. Aside from that surprise it is nice.	review_date"
"It fit well	 except for the breast straps. They're not very wide and there's quite a bit of stretch	 so they just squished my DDD boobs in the middle while the rest squished out to either side	 it was very unattractive.	review_date"
"I love the color choice	 and I feel sexy in it "
"I really liked this for the price. (my boyfriend liked it too) I am 5'4 and 160Ibs and I ordered a large. It fit very well. In my opinion the quality was very good for the price.	review_date"
"Very big in the butt	review_date"
"It鈥檚 flattering but it鈥檚 not meant for 36DD sized boobs :( I bought a medium	 and a large wouldn鈥檛 fit my torso or butt if I bought a large	review_date"
"Got the package 2 days after I ordered and it is perfect :)	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected.	review_date"
"It came without the cuffs and im highly upset since this is suppose to be a gift.	review_date"
"LOVE this! Fits as epexcted and the lace is so soft. My husband loved it too	review_date"
"I should of known better then to purchase this. This is very nice but meant for women with small breasts. I am 120lbs 5'2 and have double ds. The top basically covered my nipple. I do recommend this for women who r a b cup	review_date"
"Got it in the mail right on time. Fits just like i thought it would! super please!	review_date"
"Wasn鈥檛 like I expected it. Felt like plastic.	review_date"
"It is too small even  thought the size is my size	review_date"
"Made very cheap	review_date"
"It looked exactly like the picture and it came in no time.	review_date"
"Loved everything	 it's very comfortable and flattering! Only taking off one star because the neck piece is not connected therefore you have to tie it up into a bow	 unlike the photo shows. Other than that it's exactly what you expect!	review_date"
"Poorly made	 but then again for it's price... it served it's purpose...	review_date"
"for daughter	review_date"
"It fit and looked okay	 but it does have a cheapness to it. I can't really pinpoint the exact problem	 but it simply looks and feels sort of cheap. I've purchase lingerie at similar price points with better results. I'm 5'	 110 lb	 34B/32C	review_date"
"It fit perfect im 5'6 and 150 and a b cup. It has lots of elasticity to fit for someone that bigger	review_date"
"You guys should stop spending much money on lingerie because this one will do!I started getting my lingerie online than in-store for the fact that it's less expensive than in-store retail.Also the fact that I don't wear lingerie that often so I feel like I'm wasting that much money for a piece.But I think this halter baby doll lingerie is a steal deal!I'm 5'1 ft and weight about 122.5 lbs	 I usually wear US size 2-4.Ordered size S Purple. I think purple looks the best because it kinda compliments the color of my skin.I received my order in a perfect good condition	but I kinda expect a little bit more presentable packaging than just a clear plastic bag.But I guess that's really does not matter anyway.I'm kinda a fan of laces so for me I do adore the design. The pattern of the laces are nice andedges are sewed perfectly together.But i think the selling factor for me is that it's one piece	mean's I don't have to worry about losing the matching bottom.Second is that it is easy to put on. Like I don't have to worry about bra hooks and don't get me started with those mesh holes! It's like a puzzle putting it on!Third is that it's WIRELESS! I do in fact hate wired bra's and I had several experiences where the wire pop's out overtime andbecause of that I prefer WIRELESS. I also think that a lingerie like this are sexier and more natural than any other lingerie's with push up bras and corset's. If you wanna feel beautiful I think you should embrace your natural curves rather than hiding it with that hard to put on corset's and very pushy uppy bra's.And lastly	 the material feels good.I'm fortunate enough to received this item at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.	review_date"
"Too right on chest area	 every where else was fine.	review_date"
"I love the style	 but didn't receive the cuffs as shown in picture and that was one of the reasons for my purchase. Messages Amazon and did not hear a response.	review_date"
"Way too small! Definitely meant for a tiny figure. Couldn't even get it up past my knees!!! And I'm not a big woman!!	review_date"
"I'm 5' 7\ and 165 pounds and ordered a large and it was way to small. Disappointed cause it is beautiful. But unfortunately it was to small""	review_date"
"My husband and I like to keep things interesting in the bedroom. I really think that is why we have such a good relationship and why we are still so close after all of these year. Therefore	 I really like to try new outfits in the bedroom also. This one piece lingerie is absolutely adorable and it is comfortable to wear. My husband and I both like it	 and it definitely gets him excited. It鈥檚 made of a very durable and stretchy lace material that I see lasting a long time. I really like the unique design that is on the lace of this one	 I haven鈥檛 seen one in a pattern like this one before. I wash mine in the washer on handwash or gentle cycle then let it air dry. I am 5鈥?2鈥?with a waist of about 27 inches and  I ordered a size medium and this lingerie fit me perfect. I would recommend this lingerie to others	 it is sexy and made well	 and I am very pleased with it.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest	 	unbiased review. All thoughts and opinions provided here are my own formed during my evaluation of this product. I just want to help consumers in knowing which products work and which one do not	 I do not get paid to write any reviews.	review_date"
"This lingerie is very sexy and cute. It is lace and shows any imperfections in your body so if you're looking at covering up a few areas you aren't thrilled about	 this is not the lingerie for you. With that being said	 I purchased this lingerie for my very best friend. She has been complaining about not finding sexy attire for her wedding night which was a few days ago and I knew this was it! When she took it out of the box at her bachelorette party	 the look on her face was priceless! She wasn't even sure how to put it on or what these two strings were for.The night after her party she invited me over and asked me if I could help her figure this out before she used it to seduce her husband.The front of the lingerie is very simple. You place your legs in the holes and you cover your breast with the lace straps that tie around your neck. It can adjust based on how tight you want it to be. So	 if you're thin with large breast	 you can buy the regular size you'd normally wear and be able to adjust the breast tightness. The back of the lingerie is backless with a heart shaped butt that has your butt cheeks hanging out of it with a small thong going through the middle.This one piece is so sexy and provocative	 I knew her husband would be thrilled to see her in it!I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest	 unbiased review.	review_date"
"This deep v line is very sexy. Visually and sexually alluring. I love the lace pattern on this lingerie	 its sexy but covers some parts of skin too. The fabric is soft and comfortable on the skin. I usually wear a size small or xsmall and this fits perfect on me. The tie around the neck is adjustable so even if you have small or big boobs it would not look bad or feel uncomfortable. I stand 5'1 and the lenght overall is great for my size. The quality is superb	 stitching and all. Looks and feels expensive. Definitely a great buy.I received this Women lingerie one piece at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review. This does not effect the time	 effort and integrity I put into a review that would be beneficial to any fellow customer. I have no relationship with sellers and manufacturers. I base all my reviews on quality	 value	 and personal experience of the product.	review_date"
"This piece of lingerie is so pretty online and even prettier in person. I ordered the purple and as you can see in my attached photos that it's a really pretty purple. The lace detail is very nice and I love how it's lacy all around. My favorite part of the whole outfit is how it's cutout in the behind region which adds to the sexiness of the product! It looked a bit long at first	 but thankfully the straps are halter and they tie so you can make it as high or as low as you would like! I normally wear a small/medium so I ordered a medium to be safe (I'm 5'5\ and a muscular 140) and it fits well. I think I could have got away with a small as well because they fabric is so soft and stretchy. It looks classy and high end looking. My husband loved it. It's also just as easy to put on as it is to slip off! Very nice piece at a great price.I received this product at a discounted rate in exchange for my honest review.""	review_date"
"This lingerie is very sexy and beautiful. I was very surprised by the lace because I kind of expected it to be stiff and itchy but it is not. The material is very soft and comfortable to wear. I am 5ft 4 and about 120lbs and the small fit me perfect. I thought that this lingerie was very flattering and not too far out of my comfort zone. I loved that it was easy to put on and take off. There are not hooks or claspes to worry about. It also has not underwires to worry able. I call it a no fuss Lingerie. All you have to do is tie it around your neck. The lingerie has a plunging V neck line that goes down to about the belly button and also has and open bottom. It also has little bows that in the front and back that are a very small beautiful detail.  I felt that it was very flattering on and even for someone who has a small cup size. I orderd the black color because that is usually my go too and I really like it. It goes well with my skin tone. As far as washing goes I was able to wash on a gental cycle and hang to dry. I was happy how it looked after being washed as well. The shape was not stretched and it looked just as well as when I received it. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a beautiful peace of lingerie that is comfortable yet sexy.I received this item at a reduced cost for my honest opintion.	review_date"
"This lingerie set is very sexy. I ordered this in the purple color and a size large and it fits true to size. I also like how this lace is very soft. It is not scratchy like some lace material can be	 or cheaply made feeling. This lace lingerie is very soft and comfortable and you can tell it was very well made. I loved wearing it	 made me feel like I looked good. And my husband was not complaining either.  I like the different color options to choose from	 instead of the normal black that most lingerie items only come in. The red color looks nice as well. This purple is a deeper purple and perfect! It ties around your neck as a halter type top. Very sexual and sensual. I highly recommend this lingerie set if you are looking to feel sexy or just to spice things up in the bedroom.Pros-Soft to wear and touch-Different color options-Halter ties around neck to adjust the size you need-Fits true to size-Very sexyNO CONS*Disclaimer 鈥?I received this product at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion!	review_date"
"I am 4 feet 10 inches tall and way about 1 25 and where a size 36C bra and size 8 pants so I ordered an XL. It for perfectly I was very surprised with this lingerie when I received it. I didn't know exactly how the material would feel or how it would fit on my body type. First of all the lace is absolutely buttery soft. I'm not sure if I liked it more on me then on the floor. Wink wink. Now being on the shorter curvier side I did not think this lingerie would be as flattering. To my surprise it fit great as the top is a halter that you can try to adjust to your body height. After two kids my insecure area is my lower tummy. The lingerie actually completely covers my lower tummy and it accentuates my breast and butt. My favorite part of this product is the large peekaboo heart shape opening on the butt. Even if you do not have a full butt this will create the illusion of a voluptuous bottom. Highly recommend and it is priced better then popular store brands. I receive this item at a discounted rate for my honest review.	review_date"
"This is a BEAUTIFUL classy piece. The material is so soft and made out of 5% Cotton and  95% Chinion. Many color options are available!! I selected white. I am a 5'2 120lbs woman whom is very petite and size 34 A cup I selected Size small according to the size chart and it fit me perfectly! It ties around the neck. I love the little add on bow in the front and the back! Highly recommend this!!FEDERAL TRADE COMMISSION (FTC) DISCLAIMER:My review is only MY opinion. Your experience with this maybe different than mine but again this is only MY opinion. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for a honest unbiased review. I hope that you will have found my review to be detailed and very helpful and that it has given you a good idea of the product鈥檚 quality and perks so upon deciding to order	 it can be helpful when you decide to purchase the item. It takes a good amount of time to write good reviews	 Thank you very so much for taking the time to read my review for this product.	review_date"
"Very pretty lingerie! The lingerie did not look like it would fit me out of the package	 but much to my surprise- it did AND it fit over the outfit I was wearing too! There is a good deal of stretch to this product	 which is wonderful. The black mesh is very soft and not at all scratchy or uncomfortable. The blue and purple embroidery is very pretty and there is a floral pattern on the top edge 	 by the waist and at the bottom of this. There are two bows at the side of this that rest on the thighs	 which are also very beautiful and a nice touch. I feel like this is a still sexy	 but still elegant piece of lingerie. The front is longer than the back	 so plan on that. The size I ordered is a M and that is the size I normally fit into in regular clothes	 so this is very true to size. I really love this! I definitely recommend this product!Disclaimer: I received this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I got this product the other day and I tried it on today. I got this product for free in exchange for an unbiased and honest review.Packaging: It came in a very nice transparent plastic ziplock nicely labeled with company logo printed up front.Product: Product came in as expected	 no delays or whatsoever. I love how it fits me perfectly	 I'm a size Small usually and it's very hard for me to find a lingerie that fits me because my torso is just too small. this fits me very well especially on the butt area. It gives you that perfect shape you've always wanted. I also like the plunging neck line effect and my husband loved it too! It is so sexy it's perfect for shower gifts too. definetely recommended product! It's made from high quality materials and the lace is very breathable and easy to wear. love it!	review_date"
"The words that came out of my husbands mouth when he saw this one me was enough to make me blush. \Holy crap	 baby that thing makes your butt look incredible\"". I have ALWAYS been super super uncomfortable with  lingerie and all things involved with it	 so I started small for my first \""jump\"" into the sexy night wear. This sweet little number fit me like a glove	 and the pictures are too R rated for Amazon 馃槈. The lace is smooth and soft	 the thong string thin and did not irritate. This is a very nice sexy piece	 and now it's a request to wear when I get down with my hubby. I would DEFINITELY recommend this to any woman	 any size. I am 5'0 and 170 lbs and I felt absolutely gorgeousI received this product for a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review""	review_date"
"I've rarely felt comfortable in lingerie	  but in this one	  I feel beautiful. It hits in all of the right places. I wear a 34c bra and size 6-7 in panties. The material is a stretchy lace in a beautiful wine color. It ties in a halter around the neck with a deep plunge down to the navel. Just enough skin is exposed and hidden. It doesn't look trashy. It's a classy sexy. It hooks is shape well after wear and wash. Did i mention how comfy it is?  You could actually sleep in it is that comfortable. Thus is now my new favorite piece.Disclaimer: Received product at a discount for my unbiased and honest opinion.  All opinions are my own.	review_date"
"The right amount of sexy and sassy. The top hugs around your breasts perfectly while still covering enough to leave something to the imagination. The bottoms were pretty snug but still manageable. The \cuffs\"" are very comfortavle and stretchy. Overall a great buy!""	review_date"
"Looks great	 we love it!!	review_date"
"I normally wear a size XL and based on previous reviews I decided to go with a size larger. I weigh 175 pounds and wear a size 14 in pants.  It fit great! . I am happy with the color I went with	 its like a hot pink	 because it gives me sink the illusion it has a better tan than it does and we all know that being tanned makes a girl feel much better	 at least it does me hehe.  I was surprised at how easy this was to put on	 it reminded me of slipping into a one piece halter top bathing suit. The lingerie is made out of super soft	 comfortable and stretchy material that hugged all the right places. If I had to pick a favorite about this lingerie I would definitely pick the \bottom\"" part. Lets just say it doesn't leave much to the imagination and my hubby SUPER loved it. I am very happy with my purchase!I received this product at a discounted price for my honest unbiased opinion""	review_date"
"Wow! What can I say about this sexy little piece.. i love it! It fits perfectly. I ordered a small	 and it fits just like I wanted it to. The color is pretty	 too! The style of the outfit is super revealing and super sexy!!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! It fits so nice! Is very soft. I love the cute little handcuffs that come with it. Such a sexy outfit!	review_date"
"too big for me but beautiful!	review_date"
"My girlfriend absolutely loved it and she kept raving about the quality. Adds a lot of fun!	review_date"
"Fit great and material is very soft	 super sexy and comfy outfit	 definitely worth your money! A++	review_date"
"Fits perfect!!! Super cute. Highly reccomend	review_date"
"Perfect fit and my hubby loved it.	review_date"
"It fit really well	 just follow the chart they provide.	review_date"
"Bought the red one. Is so soft and fits as shown! It's truly an amazing piece. Buying the black one too	review_date"
"It is decently made for the price of the set.  The mesh part of the lace has ripped twice at  the outer left strap connection. SUPER sexy set though!	review_date"
"Love love this brand! Second time I鈥檝e purchased and it鈥檚 been what I expected. I love the packaging as well. True to size. I wear a 34D and ordered the medium and it gave me extra room. My boyfriend loved it!!	review_date"
"I LOVED this set . My boyfriend liked it even more !!! Thank you	review_date"
"Honestly	 the quality of this product surprised me!! It wasn't scratchy at all	 and was stretchy! Very sexy!!!	review_date"
"Love love loved this lingerie! It is a beautiful color	 the lace is gorgeous	 and it fit amazing. It doesn鈥檛 come with stockings	 but it does come with garter straps that are detached so you can attach them to stockings if yo I want to. The thong and the waist piece are separate	 you put the waist piece over the top of the thing.	review_date"
"5'5 140lbs. Ordered XL.  Really cute outfit - great shade of purple. The bra top is just too large even on the tightest set of bra hooks - no way to adjust. The garter fit perfectly but since I ordered an XL	 I'm afraid any smaller size will give the muffin top...Returning because of the bra top.  Might try the Large just to see the fit.	review_date"
"I am 5'6\ 130 lbs C/D cup. Fit well. Color bleeds when hand-washed. Wash separately!!""	review_date"
"Again	 still up in the air... come back later	 or ask me anytime! Nothing bad about the outfit not sure how I like seeing my 5'10 frame in it... very soft very sexy still... it's me	 not \it\""? Yeah it's like that!""	review_date"
"I had to reorder in a medium. I ordered a large and the waistband part that the hose (doe not come with hose) is the only part that fit. I wear a 34DD and usually wear a large in most things. The bottoms were too large as well. I think it will be really cute when my meduim comes in.	review_date"
"This is a very beautiful set.  It does run a bit large so definitely order your regualr size.  I sized up because I didn't want it to cut in to my hip but I should have stayed with my regular size.  Needless to say	 it was a hit.	review_date"
"Items came	 and met my expectations. Definitely nice material that wasn鈥檛 itchy or scratchy. I would deem this 鈥渂edroom鈥?lingerie only	 because the items I chose	 didn鈥檛 have much support in the bust	 but the execution is what matters.	review_date"
"Liked it	 but was really big	 I normally wear L-XL you can manage to play arround with it to make the bra a little tighter from the straps but the part of the hooks looks kind of lose since its too big	 the bottom parts are also big but not that noticeable like the top	review_date"
"This is perfect!! I feel so sexy in it. I鈥檓 a 38DD and wear 12 in paints and the XL looks and feels great. I also got purple but it鈥檚 darker and it looks great!	review_date"
"I purchased this in a Small and returned it. I am 5'5\ and 130 lbs	 with DD boobs and an athletic build. I bought this in a small and the top fit PERFECTLY and was super sexy! However	 the panties and the garter belt were really large on me.""	review_date"
"I ordered a large instead of a medium because often Chinese manufacturers run small. This runs large and the panty fits weird. It is sexy enough and I will keep it. I would order down on this one.	review_date"
"I originally ordered a XXL thinking it would fit just right	 I was wrong....way too big. I ordered a large it fits perfect! Husband loved it too. Make sure you order down a size.	review_date"
"The lace is soft	 almost as if it wasn鈥檛 there 馃槣. It鈥檚 fitting is off a little. I got a medium and I am 140 with a 34d cup size and it was too big. Still made it work. I鈥檇 buy it again if it came with matching thigh high stockings. It鈥檚 hard to find a close match. Overall	 I鈥檇 say buy it.	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical on the size because normally things like this run small but as per prior reviews confirming it	 it fit perfect. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 140 and the medium was perfect. Plus my husband was super happy!	review_date"
"First time I open it	 I want to return it. It doesn't come with lace panthose	 poor quality	 the lace of the bra falls forward once you wear it so it is not described as the photo	 altough i got boobs. this product is not worth the price. If this is my product I'd sell it for $4 below.	review_date"
"Loved the style and look of product	 but it ran really large.  I will reorder in smaller size when my return and refund is complete. I will 5 star when I get right size.	review_date"
"The top is very cute	 not the best quality but still nice. The bottoms fit very odd! They鈥檙e too big	 too much fabric in the back and doesn鈥檛 fit correctly. Won鈥檛 be using the bottoms	 the top of nice though. I鈥檓 a 36 D and it fit well.	review_date"
"I realize this is not an expensive set - I bought it for valentines day as a one night kind of thing and the straps were super flimsy to where I was afraid they'd break as I put it on. I ended up not using this at all and going with something else.	review_date"
"Runs big. I鈥檓 a DD up top and 8 on bottom and the size large I got is loose. Even the thong is saggy. Cheap material but you get what you pay for. It鈥檒l serve its purpose and I鈥檇 imagine I won鈥檛 be wearing it long.	review_date"
"Very flattering	 fits as expected	 and great quality.	review_date"
"Very sexy. My boyfriend loved it	review_date"
"So pretty and sweet. I wear a lot of dresses in the summer so I wore this slip a lot. It started coming apart after about three months - but again I wore it a lot. I'm planning to get another.	review_date"
"As a bigger girl it's hard to find body suits that are comfortable and flattering. Got this in a 3x and it hits in all the right places and is extremely comfortable and stretchy. I want all of the colors now	review_date"
"There was only one size available to buy and it was a bit small for me. I wear size 6 to 8 usually. The design was brilliant though.	review_date"
"I ordered a L	 my true size. Wish I would have ordered a medium! The undies were a little big	 and the hook and eye closure was a little large as well. Super comfortable fit though	 top lace pieces are a little flimsy but I鈥檓 hoping a little hairspray does the trick to keep it where I want it. Top is all lace	 so there isn鈥檛 any support if you鈥檙e large cheated but still looks super cute on!!	review_date"
"Fits well. Very happy with it.	review_date"
"Cute great for the price not a fan of the sewn in padding. I'm big busted	review_date"
"Its a great little piece. I ordered the small . I norm wear a 2	 and was happy with the fit... just didnt love how it looked on me. Great color. Just as pictured.	review_date"
"This was so cute. I loved the way it looked. It was really comfortable too. It fit as expected.	review_date"
"LOVE the top	 dont care for the bottoms. The straps come off when walking and drop the socks but the top has become an every day bralette!	review_date"
"it fit perfectly and it's a nice soft stretchy not itchy or stiff as you may think. The husband loved it and pink was such a pretty hot pink!	review_date"
"The outfit looks good but the garter straps don't work! In addition to being way too flimsy they hook on to the belt instead of being sewn on	 and the hooks kept coming undone. I knew it would be cheap but I expected it to at least function for one night. Don't buy this.	review_date"
"This product does not fit and is very cheap materials.	review_date"
"Loved every piece BUT the thong. Went with a separate panty for the outfit	review_date"
"Ripped when came in and too large. order 1 size smaller.	review_date"
"Great quality	 I got a small	 but still was a little big	review_date"
"Top was loose	  belly wrap runs small a soft lace	review_date"
"I bought a XL based off reviews too order up. Should have just gotten L. I'm 5\6 and 208lb""	review_date"
"Top fit perfectly and loved that it had adjustable straps butttttt the underwear were made WRONGGGGG. Too small on top of lopsided. The straps on the garter keep falling off everytime i am just walking around	 don鈥檛 know how or why but everything else was great.	review_date"
"I actually like this a lot. A few issues in the chest department	 if you have larger breasts but otherwise completely fine.	review_date"
"Top fit fine and I鈥檓 a 36 D. Bottom not so much it鈥檚 different than in the pics but over all still nice	review_date"
"Too small. Needed to up size by two.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?one 135  a cup and the small fits well. However I was only given to straps for the garder belt.. need to contact the seller to see if they will send me two more for the back	review_date"
"Need to buy two sizes up	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Got an xl and the garter belt and thong fit perfectly (I am 5'7 184 pounds) however the top fit very weird. It was very big in the band even on the tightest setting and too small in the cups and the way the stitching is made my chest look odd in it. (36g top) material is very nice and not itchy however.	review_date"
"Boyfriend absolutely loved this. The fit \u0026 color were true to what is written and seen. I'm a size 38B \u0026 size 7 so I went with the small \u0026 it fit perfect. Material is stretchy so if I was a bit bigger	 it would definitely still fit. Definitely a great buy! I'll be ordering again in a different color.	review_date"
"Poor	 poor quality	review_date"
"I love the color and the look this set fits as suspected 5'1 130 I ordered two one a medium and a large just in case. The medium fits perfect.	review_date"
"Very sexy body suit. The material was good. Doesn't get damaged easily. I'm 5'0\ and 115 pds and a size small for perfectly.""	review_date"
"It looked very nice. The quality of the top was kind of cheap but it looked great!	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy and my husband loves it!	review_date"
"Panties are very oddly shaped. But still a nice set for the price!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 alright. You get what you pay for. A loop was broken on the Garter belt that was the biggest disappointment.	review_date"
"Very hot on	review_date"
"One of the best nighties I've ever bought.  Really love the design and it feels great when I wear it.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"really likes how it looks on me	 came as expected.	review_date"
"Did not receive garter at all. But the bra is super pretty and way more supportive than I'd have guessed!  For the price	 I know it's not meant to last long or be washed	 but it's cute for now.	review_date"
"loved it! flattering. arms a little snug.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure what size to get	 because my tops usually need to be larger than my bottoms. I normally wear smalls in panties. Im 5'4 34C.150lbs.I got a large. The top fit alright. The panties were big	but i expected that.One of the straps on the garder belt was broken.	review_date"
"Love this. Comfy and hubby loves it.	review_date"
"Great color and material but it鈥檚 a bit too large and there is no support.	review_date"
"LOVE THIS. Super cute and flattering.	review_date"
"I love the color and design looks amazing on I just wish I would have got a small I鈥檓 usually a medium size 5 in jeans 34DD in bra. But defiantly ordering again but smaller	review_date"
"Straps aren't adjustable	 so it can flatten your boobies a bit	review_date"
"Hubby loved it.	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"The garter clasps are cheap quality. two of them would not stay locked in place when you sit so stockings will fall.  The fit was ok but over the product was rather cheaply made.  Will NOT be ordering any other items.	review_date"
"Looked so pretty on me	 my boyfriend loved it but the top part had one side that was larger than the other one 馃槱 it still look great	 my boyfriend did not notice. Good deal for the price.	review_date"
"The top is sexy but looks cheap. The other pieces were extremely low quality and not worth it.	review_date"
"Fit well	 just slightly moveable around my waist (about 26 inches). Otherwise very sexy lingerie!	review_date"
"This fit really well. Of course he loved it.A little something I am 5鈥? about 145 lbs and it fit well. The top was a little loose but if you tie it well it still looks sexy.	review_date"
"I'm a size 10	 36D	 hourglass shape	 42\ hips. I ordered the Large. Cute set	 but the garter straps aren't sewn on so they constantly come off. It's not easy to get the hook back in the loop when that happens	 either. For the ladies with bigger chests	 the lace top doesn't offer much support	 but it gives enough coverage for my D cup girls. The fabric (straps	 etc) is thin and feels like it won't last long. The garter straps do have a lot of stretch and length to accomodate my curvy rear end	 so that's a plus. I'll probably stitch the garter straps to the belt to make the set usable.""	review_date"
"Hubby loved the tie in the front	 fun for a little extra breast play for him.	review_date"
"Cheap material and fit too small	review_date"
"I love it so much	review_date"
"Very cute. No complaints	 for what I paid for it. Fits very well. I love the way it looks on me	 now I just have to get a man who can appreciate it too.	review_date"
"So it's cute and sexy. But I'm displeased that this is saled with the straps but not with pantyhose. Sort of useless. Might as well throw away the straps. Shouldn't display an item like that.	review_date"
"Bought for a boudiour photo shoot and wasn鈥檛 that pleased when tried on. Bought a small and the panties were way too big	 they fit more like a large. The top was an okay fit. I would size down if ordering.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy. Fits my curves just like my hubby likes.	review_date"
"The top was too large and i ordered a small and got a medium. The material wasnt what was expected either. I was just dissappointed in the whole outfit	review_date"
"Very poor quality	review_date"
"As described...pretty outfit	review_date"
"This product is just OK.  I thought for sure I would feel sexy in this but I was wrong. The top is very thin and has ZERO support. The plastic on the garter strap broke the moment I tried attaching it. I	review_date"
"Received the package and it fit me just right.	review_date"
"I never expected to order lingerie from Amazon and it actually come out great! I was pleasantly surprised though. Can't beat the price either!	review_date"
"Girlfriend loved it	review_date"
"The product was gorgeous. But the top didn鈥檛 fit. I ordered a medium (I鈥檓 a C cup) and everything else fit but the top. The top was a little loose. Other than that it was great. Showed up just like it was shown in the picture	review_date"
"Cheap quality. Didn't fit well. I'm 121 lbs 5'2 and it didn't look anything like the photo.	review_date"
"Eh I was really hoping this would fit like the picture but it doesn鈥檛. The stockings were way long on me and the garter straps would not stay on. Very disappointed	review_date"
"Order a size up if you're shapely	review_date"
"Came with the wrong clasp	review_date"
"Love the way my breast look between those bows. So sexy	 don't even need to take it off.	review_date"
"Looked good for the 1/2 a second it was on my wife. WELL WORTH THE MONEY!	review_date"
"I am generally a size small in  all lingerie occasionally a extra small. I ordered a small and it fell off me like it was a large.	review_date"
"I was so excited to see how on my girls it wears so sexy	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"Poor quality.	review_date"
"Looks good	 doesn鈥檛 come with stockings.	review_date"
"Its cute	review_date"
"Great top	 great company. Looks exactly like the picture. I鈥檓 in love!!!	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Too big and I got a small size	review_date"
"There is lace on the back of the undies with a string connecting to the front patch of lace. The part that goes on your coochie is a string. Kind of uncomfortable. But very cute overall and fit as expected	review_date"
"Straps were broken and top was ripped when they arrived.	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"super sexy... tons of fun	review_date"
"Good quality. Made well. Color true to online info. Will buy this brand again!	review_date"
"I loved it I thought it might be a little small but it was perfect	review_date"
"Very beautiful. Fits like glove. Comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"This was not cute super cheap	review_date"
"If you are a DDD or larger the coverage is not enough!	review_date"
"I really like this	 so did my husband a lot!	review_date"
"Did not come with the leg pieces as shown in pictures. False  advertisement	review_date"
"Great product	 fits nice and a happy couple over here!	review_date"
"Definitely a showstopper!	review_date"
"Lingerie fits great. I thought it came with stockings	 but saw that it didn't. I ordered a separate pair.	review_date"
"This will sound hilarious I'm sure but I couldn't tell what was the front and whatqas the back of the panties because they were shaped so weirdly. After putting the panties on they fit so awkward and definitely the lace was sewn horribly it was sticking out passed where it was suppose to end. It was just awful. I was hoping for the best after reading them reviews but I was still disappointed. It arrived very fast so that was a plus.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Cheaply made. You get what you pay for.	review_date"
"fits my wife and sexy as hell.......and she has a big chest	review_date"
"I could have actually gone down a size but overall this is a beautiful outfit and very comfortable.	review_date"
"The bra cups were two different sizes	 so I am sending this back.	review_date"
"Lace is miss matched and a little crooked	 you get what you pay for.. but still sexy on	review_date"
"I ordered this item in a size large according to the sizing chart.  I wear a size medium or 6 - 8 top in US size.  I have a 36C bust.  The top simply does not have enough room for my bust.  This is a very pretty lingerie set.  But	 spilling out at the bust is just not sexy.  If you consider ordering this	 definitely size up more than 1 size.  The only problem with that could be the bottom being too big.  I wear a size 4 bottom and the large in this item fit perfectly on me.  I'm really disappointed that this item didn't fit me well.  I loved the color and the style	 just not the fit on me.	review_date"
"She loved it.  And I loved her in it.	review_date"
"Good product	review_date"
"Girlfriend loves it!	review_date"
"The top fit perfectly but panty was a bit 2 big	review_date"
"Super quick shipping. Item as described.	review_date"
"Love the lingerie.a little on the large size but great	review_date"
"Fit wise it is probably correct	 slightly larger than expected.Quality was pretty poor in the sewing. Part of the garter clip had completely come apart. There was \extra\"" bits that had not been trimmed off.As others mentioned the half hook/half sealed is not the best.Still for the price it is reasonable.""	review_date"
"She liked it	 good price for the few times a year it may be worn.	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit.	review_date"
"Incredibly sexy	 good quality	 wife loved it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super thin and not put together well.	review_date"
"Pretty good	review_date"
"Very good. Looks like photo.	review_date"
"I went off the measuring table and thought I had it right but got it and it was just a little big not too bad still love it	review_date"
"A little big but beautiful	review_date"
"I think my only complaint is that it didn't come with hose/nylons.	review_date"
"NO ME GUSTO PARA NADA  	 LA TELA BIEN DELGADA YO NO LO RECOMIENDO	review_date"
"This is very exciting for my partner. It will get attention.	review_date"
"I loved it	 size came exactly as expected	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Missing strap only came with 3 retiring it	review_date"
"Exactly as described!	review_date"
"Too is WAY too bug. Order down. Other than that	 really great for the price!!	review_date"
"Excellent. Thanks	review_date"
"I love it so much! It fits perfectly	 looks super sexy and is comfortable to sleep in. Definitely would recommend!	review_date"
"Fit great! Tops a little big but fits okay	review_date"
"Missing a garder strap..:(	review_date"
"Is way to big and I ordered a small. Not the best quality either...very dissapointed...	review_date"
"The material is super cheap and flimsy. I don鈥檛 really like it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I like it. However	 the garterbelt arrived with a tear in it. I was not too happy about that...	review_date"
"This bodysuit is really cute and comfortable. It looks great on!	review_date"
"Wore it for Valentine鈥檚 Day! He loved it!	review_date"
"Beautifull.	review_date"
"Love the color an quality	review_date"
"Cheap quality wrong size	review_date"
"I am a chunky girl	 and most pieces of lingerie are not flattering at all. This slimmed me without covering everything and sinching so that I couldn't breathe. It was loose	 breathable	 and comfortable. This piece looked amazing on me! I got it for myself to wear on my 'feel bad' days as a pick-me-up. Even though I bought it for myself	 my husband also gives this piece a hearty endorsement of his own. *Wink*That being said	 it's not made for support...just keep that in mind.	review_date"
"Cheap material	review_date"
"Should come with stockings	review_date"
"Great product for the price	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"The quality is so bad omg	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Not the best fit for the fairly flat chested but it's beautiful and comfortable!	review_date"
"My man loves this one 馃檲馃檲馃檲	review_date"
"Material and construction is very poor. Would not recommend.	review_date"
"Rips too easily. One time use. Very cute but didn't last.	review_date"
"Wore once and bra broke in the middle. Low quality	review_date"
"I returned. Bra has no support	 so good luck getting any kind of cleavage out of it. Panties are so weird in the back - not what they look like. But hey	 I'm not a model	 so I cant expect it to look like her but I thought it was too large and flimsy.	review_date"
"2 of the belt holders received  damage.	review_date"
"My wife and I had an awesome time!!馃槈	review_date"
"Purchased as a gift for my wife. We both like it a lot!	review_date"
"Love it	 husband loved it	review_date"
"Friend loved it	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"I WAS REALLY WORRIED ABOUT THE SIZE BECAUSE I HAVE BIG HIPS AND SMALL BREAST I WAS BETWEEN BUYING MEDIUM OR LARGE	 SO I DECIDED TO BUY MEDIUM AND IT WAS JUST THE RIGHT SIZE	 IT IS REALLY SEXY I AM SO BUYING MORE COLORS	review_date"
"Quality of lace is very poor but I guess what to you expect. I found the bottom ran small and the top ran big so I had to buy 2 sizes. D	review_date"
"My  wife  is  very  happy  with  it	review_date"
"Very nice set .. one size fits most .. I'm a size 10	review_date"
"Gets me real chubby like.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 just okay. Everything was a little too big. I read the reviews	 and normally I鈥檓 a medium but I ordered the small and I shouldn鈥檛 gotten an extra small. The material is really cheap	 but what do you want for this price... probably going to only get a couple of uses out of it before it rips.	review_date"
"Perfect! Love it!	review_date"
"Poor quality. Not the best or ideal fit for bustier or curvy women.	review_date"
"Would give zero but can't	  garter attachments fall off and the sizing is compleatly wrong it sags and drops and is cheaply made	review_date"
"It doesn鈥檛 really have support. The material just feels cheap. It鈥檚 good for how cheap it is	 but next time I鈥檒l invest a little more money to get better quality.	review_date"
"Horribly made	 the lace was cut wrong and it look like someone put it together with their eyes closed	review_date"
"Liked the idea of ordering cheap lingerie from the net. You get what you pay for. Cheap hem/sown lines and fraying everywhere	review_date"
"From the picture I see that the example has stockings I didn鈥檛 receive any stockings in my package	review_date"
"mismatched sizes	 bottoms were comically large	 and no stockings were included.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 get the garter in my package only the strap	review_date"
"Missing stockings	review_date"
"It didn鈥檛 come with the lace leg part	review_date"
"This is really cute. My husband loves it.  It does run big though because it is super stretchy!  I am usually a medium so I ordered a medium	 but I definitely could have ordered a small for a better fit.	review_date"
"Super cheap material. I was sent two garters and a flimsy top and no underwear	 opposed to the complete set that鈥檚 advertised.	review_date"
"Very disappointed. Top was to big and the panties were super small	review_date"
"The bottom pieces are too small not matching the upper piece size	review_date"
"It is a little too large. I usually wear small/medium and ordered a small and it is still a little too big. Also	 one of the garter straps is just the fabric. No fasteners on either end to attach it to anything	review_date"
"Two of the clasps that connect the stockings broke within the first 30 seconds of putting it on. Didn't even get to use it. Super super disappointed. Complete waste of money.	review_date"
"Outfit is useless w/o panties	 the panties arrived without all the eyelash lace that runs across the top of the pantie. Looks cheaply made this is a serious quality control error . Second gift purchased for me from this avidlove company or affiliate company. The sad part is they鈥檙e ruining their business by selling bad quality to models who where there items .  Or try to! I will change my review when they send me outfits that are sewn correctly.	review_date"
"Bottoms are cute	 fabric is nice and soft. The issue is the top. I'm 5'5\ and 101 lbs and got a small. While the bottoms fit fine the top is just too large even on the tightest hook	 the sides of the top are also just a bit too stretchy even if it was small enough I could see underboob being an issue just do to the elastic. The other issue with the top is just that its crooked. If you lay it out flat it becomes apparent the 2 halves are not the same	 you can tell when it's on that it doesn't look even.""	review_date"
"Very sexy	 my fianc茅 loves it. I never have wore anything like this but I got this to spice things up. I love it 	 wasn't to tight	 fit just right. It was a little complacting to figure how to put it on	 but after you get straightened out it's easy to get on.	review_date"
"Runs a little big	 but I still love it! I'm so impressed with this company and their quality products!! This is why I buy so much from them!!! Love it!!!	review_date"
"Beautiful and love it! It runs a bit large so I would size down. Thin material but doesn鈥檛 affect anything. It鈥檚 still really cute but your boobs won鈥檛 have any support lol.	review_date"
"Let's just say I was a man who usually hates lace but admitted this was extremely soft and tolerable. I bought it in White-M	 my wife is 5鈥?鈥?and about 120lbs.The definition of sexy. Like	 sexy looks at this robe in envy. I love the added touch of the gentle lace fringe around the edges!! It rounds out the overall look of this robe and gives such a luxurious appearance. When I walked in the house and saw her in it	 something got hard immediately. Beautiful like a white wedding dress	 red high heels and toenails	 white necklace	 brown hair and white skin. Nice product in the white shows what men love to see. I think the white is best for us guys to view what we historically love more than even food and water.The most important thing is that the kimono robe belt is so silky	 high quality and good price. I just love everything about this robe and this Brand!	review_date"
"I love this product! It is so cute and a very nice lace material! Also true to size and delivered quickly. I reccomend to buy. I will be ordering from this seller again (:	review_date"
"I love this fit.. I bought a medium I am a size medium and it fits perfect I'm also a 180 pounds and 5'5 definitely a good buy	review_date"
"This is the cutest little Cover up. It actually comes with a little thong which I didn鈥檛 even know it was a nice surprise. It鈥檚 very soft it鈥檚 Lacey but the latest soft it鈥檚 not scratch like a lot of laughs. It鈥檚 very sexy on because it鈥檚 not totally see-through	 it just  hints at what鈥檚 under it!  If it鈥檚 nicely I got the extra large because I like it to be a little large I鈥檓 5 foot five I weigh 148 pounds and I could鈥檝e even gone with the large but I鈥檓 glad I got the extra large because I like the extra space I鈥檝e got in it.  It鈥檚 really so pretty and you can wear over just about anything or just wear it By itself.  I really love it and it鈥檚 going to be my go to item !	review_date"
"This makes me feel so sexy. I love it. My husband loves it. It's very soft and so flattering!	review_date"
"This robe is SEXY! I am a bigger gal and this looks amazing on me and the hubby approves. Non itchy and feels great on the skin. The panties were a nice touch. This also makes a great cover up over bathing suites	 will be taking on next vacation. Length was great on me	 I am 5'9\ ordered a xxl.""	review_date"
"I was excited when I got this opened it and realized it has the cute thong that comes with it!I couldn鈥檛 see in the description if they were included	 they are! 馃帀The robe itself is very soft lace and comfortable!	review_date"
"Very sexy see through robe. It feels great against my body and I like the lace pattern. I ordered a large and the fit was good on me. I only wished it was slightly longer than just landing above my hips but other than that I like it.	review_date"
"Super sexy robe!! I'm 5'4 and 130 pounds and ordered size small and it was a perfect fit. This looks so nice on and not too revealing since I paired it with a black bra and panty. Husband complimented me alot! Material is soft and elegant. The ribbon gives you a slimming look at the waist. I will be ordering this one in white soon!	review_date"
"Very very sexy lace robe! I was skeptical that it wouldn鈥檛 be comfortable due to the lace fabric	 but the fabric used on the robe is actually very comfortable and not itchy/scratchy on the skin. Makes me feel great when I wear it. Definitely would recommend it!	review_date"
"Fits great and the fabric is soft. The color is beautiful in person and it makes you feel sexy wearing it	review_date"
"This robe is beautiful and it's very soft and glides across the skin. It does not itch and is very comfortable. I may order another color but I'm uncertain at this point... Why you may ask?...because of the belt.  I took away 2 stars because the belt has a few spots where I can see the threads. I am afraid to pull them as it may unravel. I suppose you could always purchase some ribbon at a fabric store	 but I don't think it should come to that purchasing lingerie.	review_date"
"Very soft material.  Had an issue at first with the material after washing it	 but the seller worked great with me in fixing the issue.  Well worth the fun!	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical to order this in an extra large I'm a size 15 some 16th but if it perfect I had plenty of room the quality of the item is really good for the price I would definitely recommend this item in order again if they had different colors	review_date"
"Bought this in black and it was so nice	 decided to get another. The purple one was also lovely	 soft and looked great	 but unfortunately had a noticeable hole in the back	 over the butt portion. Edges were melted	 like it had been done by contact with something very hot. I didn't have time to return it before the occasion I was wearing it for	 so I had to sew it up and make the best of it.	review_date"
"This is a really nice lace robe with things. The lace is very soft	 it fit as expected and was very nice and great quality. The packaging was very cute too	 it came in a timely manner. I would recommend and would repurchase in the future if needed.	review_date"
"Fits perfect. I've actually worn this over a dress to work and got many compliments. It washes and dries well. I gave it a 4 because the lace is thin and as I walk my rings snag it sometimes	review_date"
"Loved this product. This Women Lace Kimono Robe is so so so beautiful and it's very soft and glides across the skin. The material is so soft and not at all scratchy	 so if you鈥檙e sensitive to that kind of thing	 it won鈥檛 detract from the moment. High quality and good price.The belt is also very beautiful	 and the packaging is very hearty. Ture to size. I will wear it on Christmas party and special nights	 making me look more charming and Sexy. Well made. I love this brand so much. lol	review_date"
"SO soft and sexy! Can't wait to wear on my honeymoon	 and will definitely wear this long after we get back. It came with a surprise thong	 that is a bit too stringy for me	 but it was a nice touch!	review_date"
"looks really nice on my wife and isnt stiff she likes wearing it	 she has sensitive skin so usually these scratch her skin. this one doesnt so its very nice	review_date"
"This is very elegantly made 	 And it fits great. I was in love as soon as I opened the package. The Bonus was that it was at a great price and it comes in many colors to choose from . thank you I will buy from again	review_date"
"The panties lasted about 5 minutes. They are very thin and fragile. I took them off the first time and my thumb ripped thru them. The robe is very soft and fits as expected.	review_date"
"Loved it. Lace was sexy and soft. Wore it to a lingerie party and it covered me enough to make me feel more comfortable without taking away from my sexy outfit underneath.	review_date"
"The title says it all	 it comes off quickly and who needs anything else.	review_date"
"I bought this for a special evening and it was lovely. I was afraid it would be stiff and scratchy	 as some lace is	 but it was soft.	review_date"
"This is soooooo sexy and well made! Husband definitely approved!!! I love it more then my $60 rope from  Fredericks of Hollywood!	review_date"
"This is a very beautiful piece of lingerie. The lace is so soft and feminine. I like to pair it with a silk nightgown or a bodysuit- looks amazing	 sexy yet delicate. Hubby was pleasantly surprised "
"Great quality product \u0026 even better price! Robe is incredibly soft	 luxurious	 \u0026 extremely well made.  Item arrived quickly with no issues.  Will definitely purchase from this seller again.	review_date"
"Way cuter than I expected for the price. Lace is nice looking quality.	review_date"
"I love this. Lace is tricky sometimes because it can be scratchy	 but this was nice	 soft lace	 very pretty and feminine.	review_date"
"Like it like it like it! It fits perfectly	 nice material but the most important very sexy!	review_date"
"This is just so beautiful. It fits perfectly and looks amazing!	review_date"
"Love it. I am 5鈥?鈥?165lbs and it fits great.	review_date"
"I LIKED EVERYTHING. KIMONO IS JUST AS ADVERTISED	GOOD QUALITY	GOOD FIT	GOOD PRICE	GOOD DELIVERY!THANK YOU	PAT G	review_date"
"I love this product. I'm getting married in June and when I got it and tried it on it fit like a glove. It makes me feel sexy and I'm excited to wear it again.	review_date"
"So I bought this as a present for the bride-to-be. This was very cute but was much shorter than expected. 鈥淭he material is so soft and feels good on the skin鈥?says the bride to be haha!!!	review_date"
"Love the softness of the fabric!  Beautiful material.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? 165 lbs. I purchased the medium. This robe is absolutely gorgeous!	review_date"
"I am a xl-1x but got the biggest size just in cash lots of wiggle room and super cute wish the sleeves were full length and fitted though	review_date"
"This is sexy elegant!!	review_date"
"Wow is this piece pretty! It is very delicate and looks exactly like photo. I bought this in a medium in both red and black. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? size 6	 and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"I love how flattering this is on. The silk tie is what makes this kimono. Its lace is soft and great qulaity.	review_date"
"I loved how soft it was	 but upon arrival it had a slight tear in it. I took it to the dry cleaners to get fixed they did the best they can due to the fabric but no more hole. Just has to be hand washed or dry cleaned. Fair product for the price.	review_date"
"Perfect style \u0026 fit!	review_date"
"Just as advertised. Sizing chart was helpful.  Material is smooth to the touch.	review_date"
"This is very sexy and I live the design in the lace. The material feel is very soft and is lightweight. It fits to size.	review_date"
"Love it didn鈥檛 come with th ribbon to tie it but I鈥檓 thinking it鈥檚 suppose to be open to be sexy	review_date"
"super cute!	review_date"
"This was very nice except for when I received it there was such a big hole in it	review_date"
"I ordered a size up and its perfect! So soft and light!	review_date"
"Used for our wedding night and still use it all the time! Great robe!	review_date"
"Cute and sexy.  Lace is a bit stretchy.  Ribbon is nice quality.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this	 and so did my boyfriend. The only thing that I disliked which was probably my fault and is the reason I still gave it four stars is because I thought it came with some sort of bra or brawl let and you did not have to use your own as it came with panties. Otherwise it would have been perfect!	review_date"
"Soft and that was unexpected	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful! So sexy with or without something underneath.	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Came as shown. Very pleased with it.	review_date"
"Beautiful. Quality.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	review_date"
"So sexy! My boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy	review_date"
"Can't wait to wear this. I'm 5'2\ 165lbs and ordered a large and it fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"This looked amazing on! Used for a photo shoot and it鈥檚 so comfy	 will use again. Fabric is nice too! Doesn鈥檛 feel cheap	review_date"
"My wife very exicting with this item she s really really love it	review_date"
"So pretty \u0026 comfortable! Husband loved it too!	review_date"
"Material is great! Doesn鈥檛 feel cheap or scratchy. Soft and I feel sexy in it.	review_date"
"great quality fits perfect	review_date"
"Such a beautiful piece and the price is well worth it	review_date"
"Looked gorgeous on and my boyfriend loved it. Wish it was a little smaller.	review_date"
"Fit well	 and felt okay against the skin. Would have liked it if it was a bit softer. The underwear that came with it	 however didn't fit as well	 and the lacy patch got a whole in it almost imeiditly.	review_date"
"My wife	 Looks better then the model in this . Thank you!!	review_date"
"Cheap piece of trash covered in holes.. when my friend unpackaged at her bachelorette party holes all through the lace. Save your money this is junk.... extremely embarrassing giving someone a damaged gift in front of other people!	review_date"
"Very nice material	 fit as expected. My husband loves it on me.	review_date"
"I love the lace!	review_date"
"Soft beautiful	review_date"
"Pretty! Good quality too!	review_date"
"I'm normally a satin kind of girl cause lace feels scratchy on my skin sometimes. This robe is a beautiful deep purple and the lace feels so soft and not scratchy at all. I absolutely loved it. I also was torn between the black and dark purple color and I'm so happy I decided to change it up and buy the purple. Gonna buy the matching teddie in the same color if it's available.	review_date"
"Love this purchase made by my husband. One size fits all. Very pretty	 very sexy.	review_date"
"very pretty	review_date"
"Love it	 is so beautiful! Ordered size S and fit perfect.	review_date"
"Gracias	review_date"
"Looks niceeee	review_date"
"I ordered it in a medium but it was too big. Didn鈥檛 seem to closed that well. I鈥檓 thinking about exchanging! Very beautiful material!!	review_date"
"Its comfortable	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"I returned it twice due to holes on the shoulder after I opened the package	review_date"
"Beautiful. Scratchier than expected.	review_date"
"The box was partially open and the belt or strap that goes around the waist is missing very disappointed	review_date"
"I received my order and the red ribbon that鈥檚 supposed to be included was not. Nice kimono	 but part of my order is missing...	review_date"
"Super soft lace! Beautiful on. Looks and feels great. Can't beat the price.	review_date"
"Good fit	 just a lil too short.	review_date"
"Arrived damaged.  Had a hole at the seam.	review_date"
"nice fit. nice quality	 soft	 very sexy!	review_date"
"I love everything	review_date"
"So cute and sexy!! Totally worth it!	review_date"
"Soft and beautiful! Love it	review_date"
"Super cute and light weight	review_date"
"Super sexy 	 I love the fit	 hugs my body in the right places. My husband loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits my body perfectly and the fabric feels good. As it was mentioned before	 be careful when putting on/off as the material is very thin and easy to damage.	review_date"
"Not the best quality material	 and putting it on I'm scared I'll rip it with my acrylic nails	 but definetly sexy and form fittinget. Looks great on and the husband loves it!	review_date"
"This product fit like a glove! I am 5'2\	 roughly 98lbs	 with size 36A bust.""	review_date"
"Finding Lingerie that flatters my shape is difficult for me because I have a short torso	 small bust along with hips and a butt so it's usually a miss. After seeing some of the pictures reviewing this product	 I wanted to give it a try and I'm glad I did! I LOVE this product. Although my product looks different from the pic	 it is the same. I am only 5'2	 125lbs so I had plenty of room to stretch it down lol. At first	 I wore it like the picture but to me	 it didn't flatter me that much so I played with moving the design down to give my torso a bit more design and I'm glad I did. Lingerie is suppose to enhance what you naturally have. :) I hope this picture helps diverse this product a bit because it truly works for many body shapes and all ethnicities.	review_date"
"FasiCat Sexy Lingerie for Women for Sex Fishnet Chemise Hot Mesh Mini Dress  One Size Black聽This is one of the sexiest pieces of lingerie I've ever owned and my husband actually picked it out for me. I love how soft the material is and how perfectly it hugs my curves. I'm 5ft3 and weigh 140 lbs and I'm a D cup	 but I think it would fit most any size lady even if you're smaller in breast size due to how well the material hugs to your every curve. It appears to be somewhat durable and therefore it's well worth the price. It does tend to ride up on your rear end when you bend over	 but isn't that the point lol? This is one of those pieces of lingerie where no matter how you're built	 you'll love how well it forms to your body.	review_date"
"Alright so even though this piece didn't fit as I would have expected based on the other reviews	 I'm still giving it five stars because the hubs loved it and that's all that mattered to me.  The ONLY issue I had with this piece was in the chest area.  If you have nice	 full breast	 then you have nothing to worry about.  If you're like me	 who sits at a B (but not impressively)	 then you're not going to look like the girl in the image.  Again	 my husband didn't  care about that one bit.  I felt extremely sexy in this and was really impressed at how much stretch it has.  I believe this piece could fit a woman up to a size 14 with no problem.	review_date"
"So my boyfriend ordered this piece for me and I have to say	 I鈥檓 liking the reaction I get from him with this one. It looks amazing and I can really tell that he likes it more than I do. For the price	 you can鈥檛 beat this sexy little thing.  It is a one size fits all sort of sizing	 and it doesn鈥檛 have a front and a back as both sides are identical.  I am 5鈥? 105 pounds	 and it fit me pretty well.  I will say that it was hard to keep things in place up top	 but I feel that if I was bigger in the chest it would not be as noticeable.  The material is pretty soft for being as stretchy as it is	 and it washed and dried very well. If you have a belly button piercing	 you may have the same issue I had with the strings getting caught on the belly button ring	 but it is not really a huge issue for me. This item was received very quickly after our order was placed. It is a fun	 sexy	 little outfit and you cn not beat the price.	review_date"
"WARNING!You get what you pay for.Very cheap product	 uneven cut edges with no finished edge stitching.Thin and weak material (like pulling ripped pantyhose all over your body)Might look good if you have fake boobs and no fat	 otherwise it shows the body in a very unflattering way.BEWARE: Even though their ad says (free shipping and free returns) THAT IS A LIE!!!They will not honour that	 if you try to return it	 it will say (this item is not eligible to return) I had to get Amazon's help to get my money back.Their are too many good companies for you to try that have similar items for you to buy without having to deal with hassles that FasiCat will cause you. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED:)	review_date"
"Ok some random stuff just came in the mail (braceluts NOT THIS ITEM) and there is no way to contact seller or return . Extremely dissapointed . Omg YES. Always very skeptical when buying clothes online but this was worth EVERY PENNY! - update loved it so much I just bought it in 3 other colors and I didnt get them only some random bracelets and I'm very confused and disappointed	review_date"
"I really liked it. Unfortunately it is small. One size will probably not fit all. I wear a size six dress and it was about as far as it would stretch. Also thin material so don't expect it to last a long time. Love the style though	 very flattering.	review_date"
"I was super apprehensive about  this product being too tiny. Of course the fabric isn't the best but you're not wearing it that long anyway...hopefully *wink wink*. It looks great and my bf loved it. For size reference I'm around 5'7\ 175lbs and a 34G. The fabric is snug enough to keep the girls in place. I've bought  two of these that are similar and we love them to spice things up.""	review_date"
"keep in mind	 1 star = \I HATE it\""I buy a lot of this sort of thing	 so I know what I'm talking about"
"Well the cardboard it was wrapped around looked like it had mold on it	 which I didn't see until after the fact. It barely fit me	 I'm 5'4 130 lbs	 pretty much every \one size fits all\"" fits me. The bottom continues to roll up and the as for the top	 my breasts continued to pop out of the lace and nearly ripped my nipple ring out. The fabric was cheap and I put it in the garbage as soon as I took it off! I wish I could put zero stars""	review_date"
"The product was beautifully packaged and looked nice... but if you鈥檙e a size 12 or above	 this is NOT a real one size fits all. I can鈥檛 even really return it because a string snapped trying it on. I鈥檓 not a huge person either	 size 12.	review_date"
"Sexy	 alluring and comfortable! Our it on inside out when I used 1st one! But I found it to be soon comfortable I was wearing under clothing BUT showing off the strings towards breats	 LOVED the reactions i received from others. I got second glances from pll passing by	 noticed everyone \checking out my breasts\"" and meeting my gaze with pleasantries and prolonged interactions....nice to be looked at as sexy. Thanks Amazon!!馃拫 Will undoubtedly but more in different colors!""	review_date"
"My breasts do not stay in like the model and they are more or less the same size. I purchased a small	 currently wear a 4 sized jeans and extra small shirts sometimes small. Fits perfect! The threads attaching each side look like they will finish ripping soon though. Only have used it once. Happy with my purchase and so was he!	review_date"
"This is actually extremely flattering I'm 5' 5\ 165 lb  and it makes me look great.very sexy!! It's almost like a really thick nylon  pantyhose fabric It's obviously not going to last a few years it's stretchy lingerie but overall it's great.""	review_date"
"Once I got it on me	 it looked great! The product was inside out	 and looked INCREDIBLY small at first	 but once I put it on	 it fit like a regular outfit! I'm also pregnant right now	 and it looks like my belly didn't stretch the fabric so I will be able to wear it later on!	review_date"
"I loved this dress. I've never felt so sexy!  I am short 5'2\ and my chest is small 36A and I have a big booty. It fit every part of me perfectly! I am at my highest weight 170lbs and I have had some trouble with feeling confident in my body. This dress accents all the right places. At first	 I thought it would be too small	 but it's a lot like pantyhose. The material is very stretchy. It's a little tricky to put on because of the fishnet. I was afraid it would break	 but it didn't	 I'm sure it won't last much longer	 but it's totally worth it! I would buy this again!""	review_date"
"Sexy teeny tiny little thing.. almost too small for me (size xs to sm in most things with 32/33 inch bust). If you plan to purchase and have your nipples pierced (like myself) USE CAUTION when you wear this item.! I would strongly advise some pasties	 electric tape	 whatever you have around. There is nothing more horrifying than a nip stuck in tight woven fabric..	review_date"
"Fun!  My husband was pleasantly surprised one evening when he got home from work.  It leaves a little bit to the imagination and you will need your own g-string to go with it if you want it to look like the picture.  It stretches nicely.  I wore it will thigh high boots and it was hot!	review_date"
"The product arrived and look as it was pictured. I item is stretchy however if you have a large bust	 it will rise up alot. I also have a long torso	 being 5'11. So that's also makes the item short	review_date"
"The strings on the dress are very thin and easily break. Should be thicker. I am 5 ft 2 inches	  120 pounds and a 32b cup. First time i put it on	 one string broke in the front around my chest. I was very gentle putting it on	 so I'm very disappointed.馃槦	review_date"
"The Item I received was similar	 yet completely different than the item pictured.  The color	 fit and finish	 were great.  The pattern was completely different.	review_date"
"It's good quality	 looks nice. But purpose of this one and ability to wear again - under question. One time use. It's not that expensive though and serves the purpose)).Suggestions : I'm tall 5'10\	 size 4	 small breasts. It didn't hug my breasts right	 so for lucky ladies with larger boobies - I don't think it will feel comfortable.""	review_date"
"Really cute	 really comfortable	 pretty durable so far for it being fishnet no wear or tear yet. I'm happy.	review_date"
"This is my favorite lingerie ever! It鈥檚 extremely sexy. It鈥檚 like putting on nylons so you have to be careful. I鈥檝e bought them for a few of my friends who absolutely love them also.	review_date"
"When I opened the package I was skeptical it would fit	 hardly larger than an envelope	 and when unfolded	 looked like it was made for Barbie! But it fits! I could be a bigger girl	 and it still would have fit! I'm 5'8 and approx 255. It was a tad short	 not that Das Man was complaining! He loved it	 too!	review_date"
"Clearly ordered this in black	 yet a bright purple one arrives (Purple isn't even an option when I click on the order button). My wife hasn't even tried it on because we loathe the color. Apparently you can't return or exchange the item either.	review_date"
"I'm a heavier set female (5'4\ ~220lbs and a size 17) I thought it'd really be questionable because of my curves but it accents everything just as it should! It came in the mail earlier than expected	 no issues with it. The only reason it's a 4 star not 5 is because I don't know how long the material will last	 it seems very easy to rip (as with most fabrics like this) otherwise I'm loving it! And so is he "
"The halter top doesn't cover much past the side of the breasts	 but it's cute enough.  Won't fit anyone past a size 16!	review_date"
"Bought the largest size. I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥? super long torso	 155lbs. Holy crap I could barely roll it over my hips. I鈥檝e bought a lot of lingerie off this site	 but this was the first bust for me	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a one size because it鈥檚 a piece of nylon crap that has no hem at all and will tear if you touch the 鈥渇abric鈥?lol you don鈥檛 even get what you pay for with this one it鈥檚 about .25 cents worth of material and horribly made I threw it away about as soon as I got it! Save your money	review_date"
"Looks so good on. Ignore that it looks like a big sock and squeeze yourself into it. You won鈥檛 be disappointed!	review_date"
"Almost got the husband in trouble by sending this to our friends anonymously ! hahahaha	review_date"
"Way smaller than expected. I'm 5' 8\ about 153 lbs and it didn't fit at all. It would basically fit someone who is a small or medium at best. Disappointing! Other items I have ordered from this company have fit ok.""	review_date"
"I was actually surprised when I opened the package. It stretches VERY well. Don't expect to get more than one wear out of this piece. The material is very delicate.	review_date"
"This product is trash. DO NOT BUY! says one says fits all	 more like one size fits doll... RIDICULOUS! I would give this item Zero Stars if it was an option. And you cannot return!!!.I have shown it next to a size 2t dress. I know it's supposed to be skimpy	 but this is NOT what it looks like on the model...	review_date"
"Not for women with size d breasts.  I love it	 my wife of course  looked fanstastic in it.  It did not cover the chest area well but that was okay by me!  I think it was a bit uncomfortable around the breast area for my wife though.	review_date"
"Wayyy to small!!!! Better weigh less then 110 for this onel. Because no Return policy on it either	review_date"
"Fit great for a one size fits all item. Love how sexy it looks on.	review_date"
"Fit as expected but it was made out of material resembling... felt.....I suppose to expect that from items made in China. Wore one and it stretched out. I am five three and one hundred pounds.	review_date"
"Liked the way it fit and displayed but the top needs to be more revealing as much as the bottom half.	review_date"
"The material is itchy and uncomfortable. It is very flexible but shorter than I like. But it fraims me very nicely does make me look more slim and did turn him up from just a pic so all in all it's ok 4 the price.	review_date"
"This rides up and isn鈥檛 made that well kinda runs a little small and I usually don鈥檛 have that problem	review_date"
"Haven't worn it yet so when I do I will change the post. But	 it looks a little cheap in the shoulder area. But I'll post a pic before I wear it.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Fits like a glove	 but looks better.	review_date"
"Fabric ripped apart the minute I tried it on. Very cheap product. Do not buy.	review_date"
"Adorable and very sexy	 thank you vendor	review_date"
"Great quality	 looks and feels good.	review_date"
"Great price and fast delivery.  Highly recommended.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Extremely flattering!	review_date"
"Super excited to wear this for Valentine's Day! Fits the way I expected. A little tricky to get on	 but once I figured it out	 it was simple.	review_date"
"A little hard to get on with all the strings but that was expected. Otherwise it鈥檚 great.	review_date"
"You get your moneys worth. Before I received mine I was a little ify it wouldn't fit	 but it did. I love the way it compliments the shape of one's body. I can't wait to see my guy's reaction.	review_date"
"It's very stretchy. Fits fine tho. It's like a panty hose kind of material. Which is fine. And it's cheap enough to let him rip it off 馃槈	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"I was unsure when i got this.  But one size does fit all!  I am 5'7 and 155 pounds.  This outfit is awesome.  It does fit even though when you get it you think it is a doll outfit.  My husband loves it!  Looks great! Can't wait to buy other colors!	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great. Is just like the picture and very comfortable.	review_date"
"Unlike some other products I have got this one fits perfect on someone who is size 2 or less.  It looks dam good and have no complaints about it.	review_date"
"Great job	review_date"
"Ordered by accident	 but if it rips I'm gonna order another on purpose. 4'10 32-26.5-39	review_date"
"Great for my wife.	review_date"
"Basically take a pair of black nylons and try to put them over your whole body...youll get same effect. It barely goes over half my butt so it just looks like this weird stocking thing.	review_date"
"No  es adecuado	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"To be honest it was a total disappointment broken on the neck and it鈥檚 made for thin no curve woman	review_date"
"It did its job well but fit a bit awkward around the breasts as one would be fully covered and the other partially exposed no matter how I adjusted it. It also kept snagging and pulling on a nipple piercing causing pain.	review_date"
"Fit and looks great	review_date"
"It's alright. Looks better in the picture. It fits ok	 but it's like 6 inches wide when you don't have it on	 and it just stretches a ton.	review_date"
"I def recommend ordering a size up. Runs a little small. It looks good and my boyfriend really liked it. Seems pretty easy to rip getting in and out of though.	review_date"
"Quality is cheap size is not one size fits all for a petite girl even good for a couple of times and then garbage.	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece	 I was so satisfied with the fit. It comes out looking super tiny from packaging but that's just because of the material its made of. So don't worry	 it'll stretch to fit! It isn't too tight in any places which was my main concern. Total thumbs up from me :)	review_date"
"Very sexy. Boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"doesn't looks like on the picture	 to small :( waste of money	review_date"
"I am 5'1\	 110 lbs and this fit surprisingly small.""	review_date"
"Not that well fitted and I ordered an large	review_date"
"Well not much to say \FasiCat Sexy Lingerie for Women for Sex Fishnet Chemise Hot Mesh Mini Dress\"" it works!!!""	review_date"
"Def makes you feel sexy but thats about it.. hah :P might try to see if this will look cool under tank tops later this summer.	review_date"
"Got me hard soon as she came in the room	review_date"
"Boyfriends favorite	review_date"
"It's super sexy and reversible. I really love it and it's stretchy so it will fit many sizes.	review_date"
"These fit my wife much better than they fit me. She looks amazing always but the fasicat sexy lingerie caused me to have quite a rush of emotion ... Like seriously... Whew!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 looks wonderful and makes me very excited to look at.	review_date"
"Very sexy!! I really like this cute little black dress	 perfect for a night in!! Fits good and is soft.	review_date"
"Shipped fast! Fits great	 looks amaizing	review_date"
"MMMmmmmmmm  wife-y looks yummy in it 	---	review_date"
"Love this dress! Make's my body look amazing!	review_date"
"Fits perfect but is for one time use since the lingerie gets stretchy as soon as u used it the first time. You gotta be careful to put it on. The good thing is that it was very fascinating seen my husband gave when he saw me with it	review_date"
"My girl wears this at the gym.	review_date"
"It is not exactly small but it does not cover your nipples well. they seem to pop out towards the middle instead of staying covered. The front opening could have been narrower to look better	review_date"
"Exact quality I'd get in a store at half the price! I'm a thick	 curvy girl. This dress fits me PERFECTLY. Just gotta be gentle with it so it won't tear.	review_date"
"Out of all the FasiCat I鈥檝e purchased	 this is by far the most awkward to put on. Hard to tell the top from the bottom!	review_date"
"Super sexy. Worn it once and washed it twice and it's still intact.	review_date"
"Love this! Looks just like the pic. It looks like it would be way to small when you open it but it fit great!! Just be careful not to tear material. I am 5\3 and 170 pounds and I got an extra large fit perfect""	review_date"
"It's nice just squeeze in it n be sexy for whoever 馃槀	review_date"
"Looks awesome on. Will come off quickly馃槆	review_date"
"I'm size 12 I did for in it not as long on me though	review_date"
"fun sexy wear	review_date"
"Very fragile looking but still great. I can't imagine it'll last long but is great looking until then.	review_date"
"Wonderful  and summer	review_date"
"Our friend was very happy with this as a funny gift.  She said it fit well.	review_date"
"Nice	 really sexy	review_date"
"Sexy as all get out! Great buy for the price. The wife looks amazing in it!!!	review_date"
"My boyfriend's mouth fell open when he saw me in this. Super sexy.	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit looks amazing	review_date"
"Really sexy. My boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Looked sexy	review_date"
"Pretty much a giant yellow pantyhose but it'll do.	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Looks sexy and my bf loves it too!	review_date"
"I loved that way it sat on my body. My boyfriend loved it even more.	review_date"
"Pretty in the picture	 fits a size small only unfortunately.	review_date"
"Awesome fun. My husband freaked out.	review_date"
"Exactly ase described.	review_date"
"Excellent design.	review_date"
"Soft to the touch	 super stretchy	 would buy again.	review_date"
"I was surprised by the material and how difficult it was to get on. It is similar to pantyhose. It kind of ruins the moment when your sexy new dress gets stuck on your armpits with your arms straight up and you need help to pull the rest of it down...  haha	review_date"
"Love it	 very NICE!!	review_date"
"I am not satisfied with this item as u can see in the picture it has a big rip n I would like to return it for my refund	review_date"
"Incredibly sexy	review_date"
She loved it...So did I! 
"Stretchy cute mesh	 my boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Fits me exceptionally well. 35\ waist	 46\"" hips	 176 lbs.""	review_date"
"it good...	review_date"
"No good	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Flatters curves.	review_date"
"Super cute and fits my plus size frame	review_date"
"Nunca llego	review_date"
"Not the worst made product.  Very sexy.  One size does not fit all.	review_date"
"It was cute but a little less giving and stretchy	review_date"
"hot	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Wow! What a great gift!	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Nice fit!	review_date"
"Looks great	 even on my smaller	 barely got breasts frame! I'm 5'5\	 110 pounds	 30\""	 24\""	 33\"". Super sexy.""	review_date"
"Stretchy and my husband loves it. I am short  curvy and it stretches perfectly where it needs to but doesn't stretch to look disproportionate.	review_date"
"Very sexy dress. What there was of it!! It fit like a glove!  My boyfriend loved it. Really	 loved it.	review_date"
"My wife looks outstanding in this	 fits well and is very sexy	review_date"
"So small I where a size small and this wouldnt6fit a 12 year old ... stretchy but made cheap and rips easy 	 doesn't cover nipples at all very disappointed	review_date"
"Extremely sexy	 fits well	review_date"
"cheap	review_date"
"Very nice fit	 fast delivery.	review_date"
"I'd post pictures but you'd probably assume it was photos of my last Christmas ham. I'm no super model...I'm your regular	 slightly overweight	 part time stripper. I'm used to purchasing clothes like this and I usually know what to expect. This company	 however	 blew me away. Inside the resealable envelope was a high quality zipper pouch with the body sock within it. The fabric is thick but breathable and very stretchy. Getting it on	 I was sure my fat mom arms would snap a few of the larger fishnet pieces but I managed to slip it on.  It's a very strong fabric	 the kind you'd find on high quality stockings	 only stronger. I can already tell this piece will last me for a long time and may even be passed down to a skinnier woman who may be able to wear it without popping out of it like one of those stress balls with the net over it. Thank you!	review_date"
"Wow! My tits were barely in it but talk about mind blowingly sexy. Wore it with tall black boots. My husband is a very happy man. I love feeling this sexy. I am 5'8 with 38 DD about 170.	review_date"
"Very comfortable husband loves it and I love it.	review_date"
"Nice product!	review_date"
"Fits very nicely and mesh but because I'm such a small person was a little big! Still fits.	review_date"
"Ordered a black	 purple	 and red one and ended up receiving 3 black ones.	review_date"
"It fit beautifully.	review_date"
"So great and came fast !!	review_date"
"Looks fantastic on my Wife!	review_date"
"Falling apart	 cheap	 too small	 bummer	review_date"
"Love how it fit	review_date"
"The gift that keeps on giving	review_date"
"Very sexy love it on my wife	review_date"
".... it鈥檚 a roll of twine. Wtf?!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Sexy AF	 rolls don't hang out of it. I'm a size 10 big hips small breast. Very affordable. Husband loved it.	review_date"
"Fit ok for my wife	review_date"
"Cannot go wrong for the price. Perfect fit and fun! Very well received	 if you know what I mean girls!	review_date"
"Wife love it	review_date"
"perfect for curves	review_date"
"Looks hot	 gots well.	review_date"
"Do yourself a favor and buy your girl one of these	review_date"
"I love it. It鈥檚 sooo sexy. Thank you.	review_date"
"Love this	 it is super sexy and looks great!	review_date"
"love this outfit its amazing	review_date"
"Afraid it's going Break	review_date"
"Really cute 馃槒	review_date"
"Best purchase I've made online! It is very comfortable and fits well even though my bust size isn't anywhere near what the model's are lol. My husband loved it! Very fast delivery and good quality.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Its definitely not one size fits all. This is meant for tiny gals with little boobs	review_date"
"it says one size and it鈥檚 wont even fit	review_date"
"very very sexy and my husband went crazy when he saw me in it!! I'm a D size so my breasts were playing a little game of peek-a-boo. other than that I love itt	review_date"
"sorry - it didn't fit	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"Love the way it fit.....real sexy.	review_date"
"Great for price tears easily though	review_date"
"VERY HAPPY WITH THIS PURCHASE!!  \u003e bought this for my wife	 and she looks wonderful in it! Very sexy!!	review_date"
"Outstanding item. Definitely would buy again. Worth noting	 my wife is not quite as buxom as the model in the photos and still looked amazing.	review_date"
"Too sexy to wear	review_date"
"Packaging was fine	 but the left sholder has a 3 inch tear in it.	review_date"
"I'm a small girl and it wouldn't fit me way to small I'm 5'2 and weight 103lbs couldn't even get it on	review_date"
"I was scared it was going to be too tight	 I'm 5'4 and order a large	 it was a little big. I still had some fun in it. It's very cute and the fabric is nice and soft.	review_date"
"I order a lot of lingerie and this is one of sexist buys I have gotten.  Fits like a glove and shows off all the curves... also allows for easy access in the back. *wink wink*Funnily enough I first put it on backwards... had to look back at the picture to realize it wasn't on right.  Still looked sexy.	review_date"
"Very beautiful but the size runs VERY small	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Perfect fit.	review_date"
"Great fit !  Make your legs killer !	review_date"
"Love it! Super hot!	review_date"
"https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01G748KPE/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_0	review_date"
"Great price	review_date"
"Really sexy and slimming	review_date"
"SEXY!	review_date"
"Yupppppp	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie -- however	 you really get what you pay for with the low price. I've worn this twice and each time	 it ripped just a little bit. It also rolls up a fair bit after taking it off	 so you have to fold it and stick it in a lingerie after wearing to avoid a clumped up ball of fabric in your drawer (which is a pain).Boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Don't hesitate. Get this. I was drooling when I tried it on	 I seriously screamed and my bf loved it too. You will look like a sexy goddess. It does ride up I found myself pretending to pull it down but it was pointless. It is a smoking piece.	review_date"
"I really loved it but I wear a bra size of 34 C and it did not cover my boobs at all. So the whole look of the dress is ruined	review_date"
"Too small and not as the pic	review_date"
"Hubby liked it as well. Very sexy!	review_date"
"WOW ! PERFECT !	review_date"
"Love it!  I'm 5 feet 230lbs and it hugs all my curves it has a really nice stretch would definitely buy in another color	review_date"
"Breasts keep showing after a few minutes because the strings loosen up across the chest area.	review_date"
"Great for the price. The quality of the fabric/fishnet was surprising.	review_date"
"Looks very sexy.Pros: husband liked itCons: not for larger breasted	review_date"
"Awesome! Was the perfect fit and surprisingly soft and comfortable. Only downside if you can call it that is you have to be very careful with putting on and removing as it is fine fishnet in the center connector parts. Great buy well worth it	 arrived on time and discreet in package that was just a basic postal bag. I'm a size 3/4 in jeans and wear a small/medium in tops and it fit just right	 I'm also a size 34B in bra	 much larger and i don't know if there chest part would have covered the way it's supposed to but it definitely has a lot of stretch to it. I'd say it can go up to a size 8/10 easily.	review_date"
"Perfect!!!	review_date"
"Thank you	review_date"
"Pretty color and that is it. Just do not understand how this item earned those glowing reviews. Lace tube with hem and armhole edges unfinished and rough like someone cut them with scissors	 which looks cheap and trashy. Perhaps	 in a dimly lit room this will not draw much attention	 but in a day light	 the look is bad. Besides	 the front criss-cross pattern is very wide and my breast were completely through it	 which did not look alluring. Thanks for free return policy!	review_date"
"Fit great	 I'm 5'6 and 160 lbs. It shipped on time and came in good condition. Just be careful putting it on because the threads are thing and can rip very easily	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"This is super cute!  I have 5 of these in different colors and they are my favorites!  I am a curvy girl	 5'2\ 190 with big hips and thick thighs.  I was concerned about the sizing but	 it fit perfectly and hugged my curves.""	review_date"
"Has alot of stretch I'm 5'9 208lb	review_date"
"As others have described this piece is very tiny when opened from the package. The package says it fits up to a size 20. I wear a 22/24 and it stretched to fit perfectly. It can also be stretched below the knee if needed. It is very sexy and I've already ordered another one. I would recommend taking your time to pull and stretch this material. It didn't tear with me but I can see how it would.	review_date"
"Bought it for my wife (she's about a size 4 or 6). When I opened it couldn't tell if there was a top or a  bottom (apparently there isn't) and about as big as a stocking. Very stretchy	 should fit just about any body shape well. Reveals the right body parts perfectly	review_date"
"Not great	 kind of cheaply made. I bought another one on here from another seller and it was thicker and felt more like a dress	 this one feels like cheap Nylons. It also rolls a lot. If you're just using it for pics	 it will work fine. If you're trying to be sexy	 it's going to look goofy.	review_date"
"This really does hug all the curves	 and it looks pretty sexy	 but it seemed overpriced for such a tiny amount of fabric! Another complaint is that it doesn't want to stay put	 it rides up at the hem	 and sinks down at the chest. You could wear it out in public with a bikini on underneath it	 but I wouldn't trust it because it doesn't stay put. It's fine for lingerie	review_date"
"It fits. Came in nice packaging as well. Arrived on time. Really sexy. And gives enough coverage so your nipple isn鈥檛 poking out of the holes the whole time  Lol	review_date"
"how cute is this??? very very stretchy.. I am a size 12/14 with 38DDD busts and ti fits great...I will be ordering another and some other colors.... really made me look and feel sexxii	review_date"
"I love this!! It's not heavy material but it's not so cheap that it rips easily. I'm a size 12-14 and it was very easy to get into and out of and I it was definitely big enough	 nowhere near tight. But I looked sexy as hell in it and my husband went crazy over it.  I highly recommend.	review_date"
"Pleasingly suprised the debuts of this scanty lil number left my boyfriend with fleshy peekaboo eye candy that doesnt have to come off at all un less u feel like it . i am a full figured voluptuous woman and this really hugs curves well id say upto a size 24 to be accurate do put it on with care because the material Im pretty sure is nylon n like any stocking can get runs it it or tear but once you got it on... Its show time! 馃拫馃拫馃拫馃拫馃拫	review_date"
"I got this as a cover for Halloween outfit but my hubby thought it was for him. He kept hiding the package and I realized the outside of the box is covered with sexy ladies sporting different sexy outfits. Lol it's very versitile Halloween and happy hubby ha ha ha	review_date"
"Bought this to have some indoor fun during the start of the cold fall season. My boyfriend loves it I bought the blue because it's his favorite color. It has all my curves and doesn't ride up or down. I love to post pictures of the things I buy from Amazon but I would like to keep this outfit for my boyfriend's eyes only :) Happy shopping!	review_date"
"This will fit any size woman. Skinny or curvy. Be careful when putting it on	 material is more like pantyhose	 but in a good way	 hugs your body better!	review_date"
"Looks hot on my curvy body and was the perfect price. Fun to play.	review_date"
"First of all	 I absolutely love this piece!!!  Ive been dying to buy it since I first saw it.  I feel sexy in it and dont want to take it off.  Its delicate.  Its one of those you can snap pictures in but the minute you actually try to do anything in it	 its going to get destroyed.  I love how I look in it.	review_date"
"Looks amazing	 and very fun. Washes well the stickness came out easily	 with one wash. Great buy.	review_date"
"The material is mesh. Fits great! I鈥檓 a size 13/14 jeans. However I do not recommend this one for super plus ladies(size 18+) as the holes would stretch out a lot. If you wouldn鈥檛 mind the holes to be bigger though	 I鈥檇 say get it. It definitely stretches very well.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this outfit!!! Super easy to put on and fits perfect.My boyfriend went nuts when he saw this on me.I want one in every color!	review_date"
"Can be worn as a skirt. Husband really likes as well	review_date"
"Wife loves it!  Looks great and she says it feels soft and comfy too!	review_date"
"Fits very well	 just as pictured.	review_date"
"Says its one size. But it runs very small.	review_date"
"Definitely should only wear if you鈥檙e smaller or more fit. Does not look right IMO on my curvy/ heavier figure. Just not appealing to the eye. There are others more flattering to bigger girls. It does stretch a lot so you will fit but might not like the look.	review_date"
"stretchy but does not lose it shape	review_date"
"Wife looks great in it.	review_date"
"Looks and feels very sexy. Husband is happy with it and the price.It is difficult to pull up but he was there \supervising\"" to make sure it was perfect.""	review_date"
"This is super sexy on. I bought the black and the pink....pair it up with a collar and handcuffs and watch your man (or woman) go nutts.	review_date"
"Arrived on time	 good price	 I love the way it looks on my wife.	review_date"
"Love it so much. I purchased the lime green one. Looks just like the picture and it was delivered on time. I will definitely be buying more. Thanks so much for making my day :)	review_date"
"Fits as expected.....sexy and slutty tones. I guess depends on the person wearing it/or it鈥檚 use. But I like it....it served its purpose	review_date"
"Very stretchy but forms to the body well. I am 160 5'2 very curvy and it looked great. Wore it for my boo thang and he loved it!	review_date"
"Arrives looking like a leg warmer. Bf lauged when I told him it was a dress. Stretches a little or a lot. Depends how you wear it as to how black it is. I鈥檓 not a thin gal by any means and it fit just fine. Washed it with the regular laundry. Hung it up to dry and it鈥檚 good as new.	review_date"
"What I like best	 my wife wearing it! Hubba Hubba.	review_date"
"Looks like a tiny string but stretches out a lot.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and is very sexy. Of course my bf and I loved it. I鈥檓 thick 5鈥?	 190lbs and it was no problem in size. Enjoy	review_date"
"Fits how it's supposed to. Very stretchy!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and I was worried this would be too short	 but it鈥檚 prefect!	review_date"
"Oh so sexy.  My husband loves it and I like how it feels.  Will buy other styles!!!	review_date"
"This stretches and conforms to your body. Thin sticking type material	 comfy and soft.	review_date"
"Fits a 5ft 120lb women no problem.. Will fit anyone	review_date"
"This is an amazing deal for something that fits so well and surely is sexy	review_date"
"The material sucks. There is much better!	review_date"
"Never left a review on Amazon before but I had to write for this product. If you're thinking of buying it please do. I wore it right off the box and once my boyfriend saw it	 let's put it like this... I was limping the following day lol. Your man will love it!	review_date"
"Haven鈥檛 worn it yet	 but I think the hubby is going to like it! Fits great	 but pretty sure it鈥檚 only 鈥渙ne and done鈥?because of the thin nylon like material.  Massive problems with OnTrac shipping who lost my package in their warehouse	 took 6 days to show up instead of 2.	review_date"
"The wife loves it... I love whats under it! :)	review_date"
"He loved it...didnt stay on long..but felt sexy	review_date"
"Great price	 and fast delivery.  Highly recommended.	review_date"
"Flexible fit to any body	 worked perfect for me	review_date"
"Very sexy and very fast shipping	review_date"
"This is the ONLY one size fit all I鈥檝e ever been able to wear	 and be comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 197 pounds. I鈥檓 so pleased.	review_date"
"Cute comfortable fun	review_date"
"So comfortable and sexy I love it	review_date"
"As advertised	review_date"
"Soft material	 can take a bit of man-handling. Looks and feels terrific.	review_date"
"Sexy. He liked it on me.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"It really do fit all body types	review_date"
"Poor quality! Material is not what I expected.	review_date"
"My wife used this to get some attention and boy	 did she!  The guys were all over her.  She loved it	review_date"
"Est谩 peque帽o	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"good product	review_date"
"Sexy thanks	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"One Size Really Does For All With This Product. Super Sexy! I鈥檝e Got Big Boobs And A Big Butt And I Expected My Skin To Poke Through The Holes But It Was Perfect	review_date"
"Cute and sexy	review_date"
"Its cheap ade but I still like it!!	review_date"
"fits well	review_date"
"very cute idea sexy too	review_date"
"The bigger yu or the bigger the holes appear. Im 179 lbs \u0026 i hate the way it looks!	review_date"
"So cute and sexy.  My fiance loves it!	review_date"
"I got it to surprise my wife I like it.	review_date"
"Perfect for any size/shape body. Very stretchy. Looks cute.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Not bad	review_date"
"It beautiful	review_date"
"Not as described or as picture. Quality is horrible.	review_date"
"Nice Product	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexy	review_date"
"The stretch is amazing	 I'm 210lbs fits well.	review_date"
"My wife digs it	review_date"
"Looked and fit well.	review_date"
"Fit my wife well... Felt good to the touch. Ladies don't pass on this garment lol	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"I am very curvy with a big but it fit me perfect. It is stretchy and will fit to ur size	review_date"
"It is very small! The material was more like a nylon stocking!!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Super cute fits nice and im a bbw馃槉馃挭	review_date"
"Arrived as expected	review_date"
"Definitely a tight fit	 but I was expecting that.	review_date"
"Nothing better for the price!	review_date"
"It fit me well. I like the color and how it look.	review_date"
"Thank u.....love it	review_date"
"Fits great!!! Hugs my curves perfect and stretches. I wear over bikini as well	review_date"
"I think I a like the way this one fits the best out of all 3 I got .	review_date"
"Probably looks better in black. I ordered in red but I don鈥檛 think it looks right with my darker complexion. Fits the body very nice.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and shipping on time!!	review_date"
"I bought the green one and it is so bright! I love it it was exactly the color I was hoping it was. It Came super fast too!	review_date"
"I loved it! He absolutely loved it! Fit as expected	 what more could a lady ask for.	review_date"
"Wow...couldn't believe something so little could stretch so wide without tearing. It is awesome and I love it.	review_date"
"Looks really sexy on me	review_date"
"LIKE  HAD  A FANTASTIC TIME WEAR ING	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Love it - Fits great and boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"It's good	review_date"
"Cheap and sexy. Material is very stretchy.	review_date"
"VERY SEXY!! Very very very sexy!	review_date"
"Item exactly as described and shown	review_date"
"It fit as expected but much more comfortable	review_date"
"Fits perfect but not happy at all that I received the wrong color....	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fit perfectly and it shipped very fast.	review_date"
"great fit	 and it feels amazing	review_date"
"Great product. Will purchase more	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Fit great. Husband loved it.	review_date"
"My hubby loved it!!!	review_date"
"I loved my body stocking it fit great and looked very well on me.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"My bf said it looked like a Chinese finger puzzle. Lol I didn't think much of it but it's surprisingly stretchy !!! I believe most people could fit in this	 I just don't think it's for me. It's looks like a thigh high that has a bunch of holes in it.	review_date"
"Fits well	 don't wear as a mask to rob a bank	 lots of holes!	review_date"
"if you are smaller portioned up top	 this isn't for you	review_date"
"Love this outfit! Looks and feels great	review_date"
"I like it!	review_date"
"as advertised.  looked great!	review_date"
"This body suit was the highest quality lace I鈥檝e bought!!! It鈥檚 always hit or miss when you buy stuff like this online	 and I have bought plenty. Of all I bought this is the thickest lace I鈥檝e ever bought. Honestly	 thicker then my 600$ wedding dress	 I鈥檓 not joking. Haha. No idea how that鈥檚 even possible. So if you are looking for light lace	 this isn鈥檛 it. If you are looking for quality. THIS IS FOR YOU.	review_date"
"I've tried out over 25 different babydolls and negligees from Amazon over the past two or so weeks	 and this is one that's just so beautiful and well made	 being crafted of thicker	 sturdier elegant lace.For my 18/20W	 40DDD/F frame	 I picked one of these up in an XXXL black	 and while it doesn't hang loose over my hips or anywhere else as is shown on the model	 it does fit me like a very sexy romper - but not one you'd ever leave the house in without a tank and underwear underneath	 as worn by itself	 my breasts easily slip out of the wide v that makes up the deep neckline. I have no doubt that my dude will love that about this	 and even though I feel very exposed when it comes to that aspect of it	 it's not like anyone's buying a garment like this to entertain your weekly reading group in it. It's for revving up engines	 and that this will do!The snap crotch just makes the whole thing even sexier	 and with the delicate lace cap sleeves	 thick and beautiful satin ribbon ties at the back	 and beautiful way that the lace conceals love handles and extra flesh	 both you and your lover will get plenty of enjoyment out of this delicate little lace number. And for the price and expensive look of it? What are you waiting for? Get one in every color you like! Who knows how long they'll last if they get ripped off of you in a fit of passion? 馃槈Enjoy!	review_date"
"It is very pretty material wise and the fit is good for my weight and breasts	 but when it comes to material and stretch from the crotch area to shoulders...there is very minimal. I am 5'6\ 220 and 42DDD...and from my shoulders to my crotch it just barely fits without the snaps coming apart. Good thing it won't be on for too long...only bought it to wear for him to \""see\"" me in in Vegas. Maybe a few extra inches from shoulder to crotch...or going with more  spandex like material would be helpful. (I would be willing to help you out with say a torso sizing...or maybe make custom make...)""	review_date"
"I didn't realize how open the front would be - this lingerie is well made but it doesn't offer much coverage or support. You'll need someone to tie it for you in the back but it looks so good on the top and bottom. If you are large busted	 or a larger girl - you can still get this!! I'm a size 16 with juiciness on the top and bottom and still wore the 2x perfectly. I'm looking forward to wearing this (for a very short time) again sometime soon.	review_date"
"Fabrics is comfortable. The work of the clothes is meticulous and fitted. XXXL is fit well for me	 my size is 38DDD.  Love it.	review_date"
"This product is awesome. After looking on amazon for quite sometime I decided to spend some money on this. I am 5鈥? and usually wear a Xl-Xxl in tops	 40 D and a size 16 or xl in bottoms. I bought a XXXl because I was worried about it being too tight and it fight perfectly.  I love how this fits me so my belly is completely flattered. My chest does up end hanging out a bit from this but my partner and I thought that was perfectly fine. The design of the shoulder definitely helps with support as well. The fabric is not itchy at all. There are buttons in the crotch which are so so nice! Definitely made this item much better. Only 鈥渃omplaint鈥?I have is the amount of fabric between the crotch and back makes this ride up a bit. Just makes the fit more exposing not necessarily irritated. If you鈥檙e on fence I would just buy this. I was and my partner was over the moon!! So worth the money. So far the lace is quality	 heavy and pretty with no rips or tears. Love this.	review_date"
"I'm 5'7	 215lbs. I ordered a 3xl and it fits perfectly. The front v-area comes down far so be sure to tuck your girls. Lace is good quality. Comes in a bag to protect your outfit. Cant wait to wear for Valentine's Day	review_date"
"The material and wine color are great. The ribbon is very cheap and was less than impressive. Will fray easily. However the cut is fantastic. I ordered aSize up thinking it would be a little big. Nope. Not the case. 5鈥? 175 ish got a XL.It was a little on the tight side for the length and had to Shimmy it around to look ok with the bottom and midline. Certainly sexy. Was surprised I couldn鈥檛 see my nipples through the lace. Bottom snaps are easy to unsnap and snap. They鈥檙e not metal	 they鈥檙e plastic snaps. Other than it running smaller than expected definitely a good purchase.	review_date"
"I ordered 4 different plus size lingerie items from Amazon. All from different labels. This is the only piece that not only is as pictured but also is very flattering and fits well. The lace is thick and feels great. I ordered a XXXL and I wear a 16-18 in pants	 42DDD bra and xl in tops. The top holds me in just enough	 if you are unsure I would say order a size up. I normally would have ordered an XXL max and i sized up and am really glad I did	 almost could go 2 sizes up	 but it fits like a glove	 just no more room to spare. It is one of my new favorites and I can't wait to wear it. Only disappointment is that Ruzishun doesn't have much else that is Prime and for plus size. I would love if they did!	review_date"
"Very cute	 very sexy. Surprisingly soft. I want expecting it be be such a smooth comfortable material. Has a little stretch to it which is nice. Happy with purchase	review_date"
"I bought this to wear in a boudoir photo shoot and it made the pictures come out amazingly well. I鈥檓 150lbs but have a 34G chest and I bought an XL. I bought the wine color and it was quite lovely against my fair skin in the pictures. I hand washed and let it air dry and it did just fine.	review_date"
"Got this with low expectations and really loved how it looked and fit!	review_date"
"Fits really well the material is really nice. As expected for this type of product. I thought it was a little funny that when I showed it to my husband at first	 he thought I was wearing a bathing suit and thought the bathing suit was really pretty. We got a good chuckle but really enjoy	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece of lingerie! After reading reviews I did decide to go up to a XXL just to be safe and I'm glad I did. As a women who is 5'4\ with 38D I usually wear size 14-16 in everything but sized up to be safe. As a result it fits me perfectly and looks stunning. The lace seems like it will hold up well over time if hand washed and the color is spot on as well. Usually with red items I'm  always afraid they are not advertised right and that they'll be bright red but this is a true burgandy. Overall I am very happy with my purchase and will more than likely buy this in other colors or even take a look at their other products.""	review_date"
"This thing fits WAYY too big. The sizing chart is WAY off. However I did receive the item while pregnant (was planning to use it afterwards) and it fit perfectly with my third trimester belly. In fact it was my only lingerie I could wear while pregnant	 so it got A LOT of use. After a month or so I fell in love with it and can't give it less than 4 stars for that reason.Consider ordering a size smaller than the sizing chart says.	review_date"
"It鈥榮 pretty	 it fits	 it covers all the right bits	 what鈥檚 not to like?This is a sexy suit. It fits as expected.  I knew it would be all lace so nipple would show. It does indeed. Soo just be aware you may need covers if you choose. I am about 140lbs \u0026 5'7 and I decided to go with the Medium. It fits perfectly	 it compliments my body very well	 and it is very sexy. Especially for the price	 I am very very happy. I will certainly be ordering from this company again in the future. Would definitely recommend .	review_date"
"I bought this being very skeptical about buying lingerie off the internet.  However I am pleasantly surprised!  This fit great	 is sexy as hell and well made.  As a plus size girl	 finding cute sexy lingerie that doesn't look like it's made for an 80 year old is hard to do.  The only down side is that it smelled a little funny but a hand wash made it perfect.  Would and will buy again!	review_date"
"While this is cute	 it came ripped in two places. Incredibly irritating as I needed it for a photo shoot Sunday and there is no was to return or order something to replace it on time. It looks as though someone put it on and it was too small for them and the belly started ripping. Which is even more disheartening that I possibly got returned lingerie.	review_date"
"I love it. The material is nice	 thick and soft	 I normally wear a 2x and I am well endowed with thick thighs and big butt.I got a 3x and it fits perfectly.  I have very small boobs so i was a bit worried about the top but the lace you tie in the back fixed that. It has snaps like a onesie  as well. Love the product will definitely be buying more. It makes me feel beautiful and confident.	review_date"
"Love this romper	 my only complaint is that there are 2 buttons that snap together at the crotch of the outfit and one of my buttons is messed up and doesn鈥檛 hold.  Therefore the other button comes undone because it鈥檚 too weak to hold together.  Other than that I love it	 more than I was expecting to.  The lace doesn鈥檛 feel cheap	 the slight elastic at the waist gives you a perfect cinch where you want it	 and the stitching on this is really good for the price.  Overall would buy again	 just hope your buttons aren鈥檛 messed up.	review_date"
"I'm a solid size 12 and 5 foot tall so there is nothing about me that even vaguely resembles a VS model but this is pretty flattering. Hides the squishy bits and let's the boobs be the attention getters all while making me feel pretty	 not trashy. Lace isn't scratchy either. This will be well recieved by the Husband. We have a winner folks.	review_date"
"This is honestly one of the best things I ever grabbed for my self. It's cute comfortable and mad sexy! I got the deep red and it's perfect for my dinner and saints party	 with a bralette under it and shorts on top it is my new favorite aesthetic! I feel super comfortable in only it as well! The snaps are such a plus it's basically a body suit for when your feeling sexy!	review_date"
"Love the fabric very sexy nice snaps on bottom and does a nice job covering the belly. The material was a better quality than I expected. I ordered a size up and it was still a bit snug but I still liked the fit. All and all I would say it was worth the purchase. delivery was very fast I would consider ordering from this seller again	review_date"
"It is very pretty and quality looks good too. The lace is thick and sturdy and soft on skin. The ribbon at back takes a little extra time to tie.The only problem I had is	 the two snaps at the bottom are not aligned properly so little hard to connect. But once connected works well. Overall it's very comfortable.	review_date"
"I got this as a pick me up after a fight with my boyfriend. This is super soft but doesn鈥檛 feel like it鈥檚 going to get ripped up super easy like most lace things. There鈥檚 some silky ribbon ties that really ties the whole thing together. It鈥檚 super pretty and fits amazing. It looks exactly like the pictures	review_date"
"5鈥? 200lbs and I bought an XL and it fits me perfect! The matieral is thick and is not cheap. The color is true but the ribbon the back is a little different. I feel sexy in this!	review_date"
"For starters	 this piece is very very very low cut so you definitely need some tape to keep your girls up unless they are just perky in general. The low cut was def what made this stand out but you gotta be careful with moving around too fast lol after all lingerie is meant to be taken off anyways lol馃槒 material was surprisingly nice and my bottom clip did not come apart like others said theirs did.	review_date"
"I have had this in my cart off and on for a year. Finally took the plung and I am kicking myself. It is perfect! Really nice quality and IT FITS. I am a 2x	 44DD	 a chubby hourglass and it fits and is COMFORTABLE. No spillage or tightness. Believe the hype.	review_date"
"Underwear quality is very good	 also very soft	 after receiving goods	 I have tried on	 very sexy! A few days is my wedding anniversary	 want to give my husband a surprise!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 decent enough quality for the price. It鈥檚 a little snug. I usually wear a 2x but assumed it would run small. Still fits better than a couple other brands I ordered at the same time (4x and can't even get it on)	review_date"
"This lingerie is super cute! It arrived on time with respect to delivery and looks exactly as pictured. I did order a size up based on others reviews which I could have done without. I鈥檝e already worn it once and my husband approved for sure.	review_date"
"Size was as expected	 but overall fit was just odd.  Ended up returning this item.	review_date"
"Super cute	 not what I was used to but super pleasing to my partner.Even though it is lace	 it was super soft! I was nervous about it being itchy.Super pleased with me order!I will order more in the future.	review_date"
"The quality of the lace is very good. I was worried about the quality before	 I have bought a lace lingerie feel so itchy when you wear it	 It was very uncomfortable. the fabric of this lingerie is very comfortable.	review_date"
"Very beautiful lace! I was surprised by the weight and quality of the fabric and it's absolutely stunning on. I will say	 Its not for busty girls. Im a C cup and am basically busting out. The arms are also on the small side. Overall	 a very nice purchase but sizing was a little small.	review_date"
"It is really hard to figure out sizing on most clothing sizes on amazon but I ordered only 1 size up and it fits perfect. It is super cute and the quality of the lace is really good. Very flattering for bigger figures.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. We both loved it. Thick quality fabric even though it鈥檚 lace it鈥檚 warm. The material is very soft and does. It scratch at all. Covers well and very sexy would buy again fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I was nervous buying lingerie from amazon as it鈥檚 hit or miss	 but this is a huge hit! I got the 3X (I鈥檓 normally a 2X) and it fit perfect. The lace is thick	 not the softest but doesn鈥檛 irritate.	review_date"
"This has been my first time ordering lingerie online so I was a little nervous that this wouldn鈥檛 fit. Omg it fits perfectly! The lace is thick enough to hide my self conscious areas and focus on my better aspects. I haven鈥檛 felt this confident and sexy in years! Can鈥檛 wait to order more!	review_date"
"Very cute and pretty. Fits very well and is not tight. The color is as shown in the picture and very crisp. My friend liked the material too.  Very nice sexy gift :-)	review_date"
"I.LOVE.THIS. It's so darn cute and it fits like a glove!! I am aware this is lingere but I tried it as a romper with a pencil skirt and it looks so bomb. The sizing is perfect and the color is sexy!	review_date"
"Did nothing for my chest	review_date"
"This piece is definitely not a good fit for taller women. I am 5'10	 and it is uncomfortable and rides up. I am an 18 in size and it was a bit tight on me	review_date"
"It fits well for my size 20. However too short. I'm six foot and it was not quite long enough. Boyfriend loves it tho and it's soft	review_date"
"The lace is incredibly soft and thick. The color is beautiful and deep as well. It survived washing in a washer and air drying! I sized up and got a 3X and I'm so glad I did. I'm 5'5	 200 pounds	 and really busty (36G) and it fit perfectly. It's an extremely deep v-neck so when I bent down	 my boobs fell out. It isn't a problem	 my boyfriend loves it. I loved that the crotch has buttons.	review_date"
"Fits great and it鈥檚 soooo soft. I love it.	review_date"
"The only positive thing about this was the bottom half. The top half was a disaster!!  Don鈥檛 buy if larger than an a cup.	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable. Got this for my anniversary and it didn鈥檛 disappoint! I think it does run a little bit small	 so if you are between sizes like I am size up. I am a 32F about 120 lbs and I got a medium and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"There's a lot of material on this	 feels very high quality. I was honestly kind of shocked to receive it in person	 I was expecting something much thinner and not built as well.	review_date"
"the lace feels great	 the only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because its too big	 i got a medium but it fits like a large. so go down a size.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 soft material. Beautiful design	 even! But the top was so billowy that my (admittedly larger) breasts kept shifting and needing adjustment. Not cool if you plan on doing anything other than posing still for a photo.	review_date"
"Gorgeous! I purchased this for a boudoir shoot and am in love with all of the pics where I am wearing this outfit	 the color is gorgeous and it looks so dainty. It was a little big in the top area and the tie part helped a little but it still kept slipping off.	review_date"
"I was surprised by the quality! It's really nice. I'm quite curvy and am typically a 3x	 this xxxl fit me but was a bit tight. The front was too narrow and didnt provide much coverage but I'm overall really pleased. The tie in the back is gorgeous.	review_date"
"This little number is adorable!  Sizing is matches up to the size chart and it even has a snap crotch!	review_date"
"This was great	 I love it. The top half is a bit big	 but it is easy to tighten with the string in the back.	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexy. You know why you're gonna wear this and it is going to turn you on as soon as you put it on. It's A LITTLE scratchy around the bows right above my breasts	 but if they really bugged me I could prolly just cut them off and retain all the sex appeal. It's comfy	 I can run and jump and participate in all kinds of activities	 I am very happy with this puchase.	review_date"
"Ordered according to the size chart and it鈥檚 too small. I鈥檓 not too short	 or too tall	 i鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and there wasn鈥檛 enough room shoulder to crotch for me. The crotch kept unbuttoning	 and once I got it on	 it was too tight on the stomach	 and there wasn鈥檛 enough fabric to cover my chest like it鈥檚 supposed to.	review_date"
"the top gap was too far apart. Breasts were not covered at all.	review_date"
"This set is soft and looks good. The fact that can be detached from the bottom is great. Only conplaint is that it is attached by velcro which I dont think is the best option.	review_date"
"If you want great quality lingerie that is beautiful	 sexy	 and timeless this is the piece for you! The lace is thick and durable. It fits beautifully. It was true to size. I can鈥檛 say enough good things about this piece. Buy it!! You won鈥檛 regret it!	review_date"
"Perfect I love it! Fits like a glove and its super sexy! Im in love!!	review_date"
"This is so high quality for the price...well worth it. I felt so great in it.	review_date"
"Wow the fabric is super soft and looks and feels nice	 the color is exactly like on this picture 馃槏	review_date"
"This is a super flattering outfit!	review_date"
"This is super sexy \u0026 actually my favorite of the many lingerie items i own	review_date"
"This is not the first time we buy lingerie from this seller. We bought red and black ones before and this time a brown one. It is as sexy as other designs. The texture may not feels smoothy	 but it is durable. We both love it!	review_date"
"It was a bit snugger than I would have liked	 but it looked good nonetheless.	review_date"
"Love the design and way it looks	review_date"
"very good quality锛宎nd it touches so soft and silky. My gf loves it so much.	review_date"
"It was beautiful but i have bigger boobs and it could not contain them.	review_date"
"It was good quality but has no stretch to it	 so if you have a long torso this wont work for you	review_date"
"I have a double D chest and am 5'3 wear a size 12 and got an XL I sized up a little being that I didn't want it super tight but still hugged everything nicely. Great material	 really impressed with the price and quality.	review_date"
"It is very well made beautiful and sexy. My husband loves it	review_date"
"Very Good Quality... My Boyfriend Really Enjoyed It 馃槣 Great Purchase	review_date"
"Love love love this! High quality lace. Super sexy	review_date"
"dainty and looks so flattering! Super soft too	review_date"
"Love this! I will definitely buy more from this vendor! The style was SO cute and the quality was great. Lace is just the right amount of stretchy so the fit is great and it鈥檚 not itchy. Really happy with it!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 hard to figure out on the spectrum of how it fits. The arms are WAYYY to small it鈥檚 cutting off circulation. BUT the rest of the body suit is big. The bodysuit is really cute if only it fits correctly.	review_date"
"Very sexy piece.	review_date"
"It looks amazing	 Fits nice	 Tends to come unsnapped at the slightest movement.	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 with a small chest and a larger bottom so I found the medium a little long but medium is the size I always am. It's a catch 22 but overall super sexy	review_date"
"This peice is so cute!! I normally wear an XL or Large depending on the item. However	 I had a feeling I needed to size up. I went with a XXL and it fits great! A little big on top but that鈥檚 fine. I highly recommend!	review_date"
"I look sexy when wearing it in front of my husband. He was happy to see it. I also don't feel disturbed by the clothing. Very comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"This lingerie is super cute yet sexy. I love the quality of the material	 doesn't feel scratchy or cheap for the price you pay for!	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"Tight in one of the arms but not the other. Runs a bit small. I should have ordered a size bigger. Good quality lace and it can be used as a body suit or just a top	review_date"
"I鈥檓 about a US size 18. I ordered a 3x because I assumed it would be a bit snug. The 3x fit beautifully. It鈥檚 such a flattering cut. I鈥檝e already recommended this product to two plus-size friends.	review_date"
"Great  material I am a bigger girl and I鈥檓 not Curvi in the best of ways but this made me look great	review_date"
"Untrue to size very disappointed	review_date"
"Major wedgie but is super cute. If you need support for the girls you might try something else though!	review_date"
"Love it very high  Quality .	review_date"
"Perfect the color was the same as the pictures and I washed it and it still looks brand new	review_date"
"Super cute	 but does run a little small. It鈥檚 perfect for wearing with high waisted jeans/shorts!	review_date"
"Loved the color and style. I wear 2x in most things so I ordered a 2x. It fit great everywhere except the boob area. It felt a bit too big but nothing fashion tape couldn鈥檛 fix.	review_date"
"Beautiful fit. Great quality material	review_date"
"Short length-wise. Snaps would not stay closed.	review_date"
"Very soft and stretches. Very comfortable to wear	 but mine didn鈥檛 have the snaps like it advertises in the description. I have a large chest so I ordered xxxl and can鈥檛 complain	review_date"
"Omg	 this one is sexy! And in the bottom has button	 so when you want to do something or go to restroom will be easier.	review_date"
"Product fit perfect I got the 3XL I'm a size 1XL in tops size 18 bottoms I know to go 2 to 3 sizes up has snap button in the crotch area big PLUS!	review_date"
"Love This on my curvy body. The lace is nice not itchy or irritating.	review_date"
"Quality outstanding well worth it	review_date"
"I am a 14/16 \u0026 ordered the XXXL. Fits fine	 just wish the torso were a bit longer"
"beautiful. Although I ordered two sizes larger than my normal size.	review_date"
"Love the low V design	 really sexy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 the cutest lingerie ever! And my husband loves it! It fits perfectly too!	review_date"
"Great price and good quality	review_date"
"So unique and sexy!! Looks great on	 almost as good as the pic and I dont have a body that toned	 haha!	review_date"
"Great Seller Amazing Quality	review_date"
"Order a larger size than normal. The lace is so soft!	review_date"
"The fabric is very good	 I really like its lace. This is the perfect combination of comfort and sex.	review_date"
"Looks pretty good	 fine quality	 will recommend to friends.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Love it it's beautiful color and the material feels good not cheap. I love it	review_date"
"Wow !! Good quality 	 fast shipping and looks the same as the picture.. fits perfect	review_date"
"Its true to the sizing chart listed. Looks cute. Overall happy with the purchase	review_date"
"Love the color and quality but was too small and I even ordered a size up	review_date"
"Well if you look at the picture these are suppose to snap.	review_date"
"Ordered my regular size \u0026 fits perfectly! Absolutely in love 	 and so is my fianc茅 馃槒	review_date"
"my favorite!!! so unique and sexy	review_date"
"Its very small and i bought my size	review_date"
"Like the style and quality. Quick shopping too.	review_date"
"excellent material..totally love it	review_date"
"This is a must have.	review_date"
"Fits beautifully \u0026 is well made.	review_date"
"Very comfy	review_date"
"I'm not going to give it a lot rating because the material was soft and it was super cute but it just didn't fit. I'm 5'4 and wear a size 18 jeans (size 16 if I'm shopping at Torrid) and I ordered the XXX-large. Unfortunately it didn't fit and I now have to return it.	review_date"
"Okay ladies	 buying lingerie from amazon can be hit or miss. This one was great	 however it does not stay on your breasts. You will have a nip slip and have to keep pulling it back over if you dont plan on taking this off fast after putting it on. It is very beautiful and one of the better quality laces Ive orderd off of amazon. I have a very long torso so I was worried it might be too tight but it was perfect. Im 5'9 about 210 lbs and it made me look super sexy. I ordered the XXL but I would be fine with a XL because it was pretty big. I might order the XL but a different color the next time round. I even had wider hips but it was still loose around the hip area it was amazing.	review_date"
"Perfect and so cute! It covers enough of your belly up if you're thick in the middle	 while showing off your chest and booty.  Has a 2 snap closure at the crotch.  Fits very true to size	 but maybe a tiny bit shorter than it should.  If you have a longer torso	 I would definitely order one size larger.	review_date"
"I loved this as did my boyfriend	 however putting it on was a bit complicated and uncomfortable around the shoulder. I felt it was going to fall off.  The tie in the back was more complicated. I wish it was in the front instead. Over all it was cute and I would give it 4 out of five stars only due to end results	review_date"
"The width of this outfit is true to size. It鈥檚 just a little to short for my torso. I鈥檓 5鈥? so not terribly tall but if it was a few inches longer it would have been much more comfortable. The fabric feels surprisingly nice. Cute design.	review_date"
"Beautiful color and fabric. Just as described however I鈥檓 short at 5鈥?鈥?and the length is rather short. I doubt anyone taller could fit this comfortably or reasonably.	review_date"
"This teddy is very nice	 true to size	 excellent fitand the quality of the product is good. I have ordered the other colours that are available and I'm waiting to see if those will fit perfectly too.	review_date"
"This sexy piece of lingerie is great especially for the low price. It fits great. It is made of high quality lace and it is beautiful. I only wish that I looked better naked.	review_date"
"I liked the product but i felt it was little tight fro me. I m a girl	 who is 5'2\ and also not fat. It was little tight fit for me but for sure sexy. The cloth used is net style that also make it very sexy and color is also vibrant""	review_date"
"First I鈥檒l start by saying the sizing was good. I got a 2XL expecting it to fit smaller and it actually was big on me especially in the chest area. I normally wear and XL in shirts and 16/18 in jeans. However	 I鈥檓 not sure how to wear his. It鈥檚 not a romper like the picture shows and there鈥檚 definitely no snaps for the crotch area like it shows on the pictures. The bottom is actually shaped like a dress not a romper. It goes straight across... not sure if maybe I just received a defective one. I鈥檓 a little bummed because I bought this for my husbands birthday present to get my boudoir pictures	 and I don鈥檛 have enough time to return and get a new one in time. I will say the lace itsself seemed to be grea quality as well.	review_date"
"Bad material	 not as pictured	review_date"
"Bought for my wife for christmas	 she pointed out that it's really a gift for me.  She's not wrong	 and it was a very merry christmas	review_date"
"This is amazing. This is GREAT quality. I felt so sexy in it. It has a good stretch to it	 but it was perfect. I'm 5'4\ 135lbs	 I got a M because I have a large chest and bigger hips.""	review_date"
"I'm 5'3	 38DD it fits amazing and feels sexy! I love it	review_date"
"I loved EVERYTHING about this!  Super sexy and fit PERFECTLY!!!!	review_date"
"Fiance and I love it.	review_date"
"I really like this sexy lingerie. Is there a quality guarantee for this lingerie?	review_date"
"too large for the size what needed.	review_date"
"My wife bought one of these and I love it 馃槏 highly recommend	review_date"
"Sexy little dress. Honestly I was so scared I'm a curvy women size 14 and I wasn't sure how this would look on my body...well it looked great and u felt comfortable! .I would definitely recommend this to surprise your significant other. Fits awesome 馃	review_date"
"There is nothing negative I could write about this! I was worried on how things like this will fit but I took a chance on it because it was such a good price. I was AMAZED at the fit and look of this and I absolutely LOVE it!! It has a really nice design and sexy as it gets! It is a very nice feel and stretchy type fabric so it fits really tight but breathes and stretches so well that you can make it fully long or shorten it up lengthwise and though it hugs your body tight	 it still feels amazing and looks SO sexy! I could not be happier about this mini dress and I would definitely order this again!!	review_date"
"The purple is very light colored	 definitely not a dark purple like the picture. Material doesn鈥檛 hold anything in. Shows everything	 so the black instead of a light color might be more flattering.	review_date"
"I like it	 however when trying to put it on it feels very flimsy and likely to rip. Also when I wore it	 the husband wasn't a fan	 which is strange	 he usually likes lingerie I wear but when asking him about it later	 he said it looked really cheap and trashy...	review_date"
"This sexy little number is like butter on bread but one night of frisky time and it鈥檚 toast. This one hugs your body in all the right places and leaves lasting impressions on other鈥檚 faces xoxo 馃槝	review_date"
"This one fit me large breasted gf. 38ddd. Looked fabulous	review_date"
"Sorry my wife wont let me post the picture of her in this outfit but trust me she looks sexy AF. The outfit fit perfect.	review_date"
"Very nice. Easily snagged but covers where you need	 stretchy	 and sexy - good fit. Looking at getting another color too	review_date"
"Fit as expected! good product!	review_date"
"came in a timely manner and is one of those TRUE 1 size fit all Husband loved how it looked and so do I 鈥?would definitely buy in another color	review_date"
"Great house dress!  Love it!	review_date"
"Very soft - so stretchy. Can be worn as a top or a dress. Now I understand how one size literally does fit all! Sexy on everyone. Love it.	review_date"
"Love how stretchy	 soft	 sexy and beautiful these are.  I bought several of them and love every one.	review_date"
"Awesome product!	review_date"
"Super stretch so fits many sizes. In 5'4 and 170. Its great for spicing up the evening	review_date"
"The material wasn't the best quality	 however for the price it's worth it.	review_date"
"Husband super loves!! I paired this sexy hot piece with a pair of white thigh highs! great quality \u0026 fit for any size fast shipping	review_date"
"Sexy	  sexy.  Fits all sizes.  Holds well after washing.  Luvs it!	review_date"
"Wife loved it and I did too 馃憣	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"one size fits all	review_date"
"fit as expected	 be careful with pipe rings :)	review_date"
"Great would buy again	review_date"
"90 percent Nylon. Great price to quality ratio. Sexy. Well done. With thigh high boots this outfit is impressive.	review_date"
"Looks great it truly is a one-size-fits-most	review_date"
"Oh man	  he loves this one!!!	review_date"
"Looks tiny but it's awesome	 and hugs curves	review_date"
"Cheap looking. Won't use.	review_date"
"Have to be careful with this but it looks great on and is stretchy and comfortable	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Wifey looks sexy in this	review_date"
"Very sexy!!!!	review_date"
"super sexy. I got plenty of compliments!	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Fishnet	 stretchy	 fits very well. I feel sexy in it. Doesn't show the private parts. Arrived fast	 and just as pictured!	review_date"
"sexy..	review_date"
"It looks nice on	review_date"
"Ah it ok	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it !	review_date"
"This is a very sexy one peice	review_date"
"Love it ! The material is just like panty hoes but I like it. Super soft and stretchy and sexy!	review_date"
"It's truly one size fits all. I'm an XL and this lingerie had extra material to stretch. A very good buy. Very sexy pick...	review_date"
"Love it - Fits great and boyfriend loved it!	review_date"
"I'm a 4 to 5x and it fit great.  Stretches great and my husband loved it.  I can't wait to wear it again!	review_date"
"Made cheap but priced to that	review_date"
"It got me well	 my man really liked it on me..Thank you...	review_date"
"Loved it and so did my man.	review_date"
"Perfect 	and so beautiful 馃榾馃榾	review_date"
"nah.	review_date"
"My wife  look beautiful and so sexy. We both love it!	review_date"
"Very nice and a good fit.	review_date"
"Beautiful style and fit.	review_date"
"Just like image.	review_date"
"It was good but not what was looking for	 completely see through.	review_date"
"Really stretchy and soft I love it ...happy valentine's day to the hubby !	review_date"
"Wants to come up all the time	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Fit great	 my husband loved it. 馃憤馃徎馃槏	review_date"
"Excellent!!	review_date"
"Perfect fit.	review_date"
"Loved it!! It fit my body perfectly! Cannot wait to surprise my man	review_date"
"My outfit came torn apart. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Fits great . Very stretchy	review_date"
"Not worth the price. Very cheaply made.  The photos make the product look nicer than it really is.	review_date"
"This is really cute! Exactly as it appears in the photo. However the material is very thin. I鈥檓 thinking this might be a 鈥渙ne time use鈥?kind of thing. If it makes it through an evening I鈥檒l be shocked. But for only $10 it won鈥檛 be to big of a deal.	review_date"
"Crappy made to wear one time	review_date"
"Couldn鈥檛 even put it on without a run.  Cheap but I guess that鈥檚 what you get.	review_date"
"The size was not a problem...The color is nothing like the picture..It was a very light pink  ....	review_date"
"It ripped as I unfolded the item from packaging.	review_date"
"it's just a piece of stretchy nylon all balled up..	review_date"
"It lasted about 30 seconds on me before my husband took it off. Worth it.	review_date"
"I love it	 it's not to right nor to loose it fit just right. its fit to size but I ordered a smaller size to get a more sexy feel great feel	review_date"
"I didn't end up keeping this in white because I liked the red more. However	 they were of equal quality and size so this company seems trustworthy. There is little to no breast support. If you know you aren't comfortable without support than these aren't for you. It is VERY comfortable to sleep in though	 which is a positive of no underwire. The top isn't super sheer	 but the rest is completely see-through. The straps are lacy and stretchy and adjustable. The material is super soft and i would recommend this item and the company to anyone looking for something comfy to \sleep\"" in "
"Love it. Best purchase. I was sceptacul at first because I dont have a models body and I'm a Lil thick but it still complemented my body and made me feel sexy.	review_date"
"I wear a large (according to the standard Amazon size chart	 US 10-12	 Bust: 38.2	 Waist: 38.6). I ordered a LG per other reviews and it fits perfectly! It gives some extra room so it isn鈥檛 constricting. The material is soft and high quality. I also think the color is very flattering.	review_date"
"This robe is HOT! Feels so good on and is as sexy as they come! My man LOVES it and the design hides all those little flaws we hate to show off lol	review_date"
"very nice material.  beautiful color(deep purplish/wine)  I am a size 8 (36c	30	 37). I got a medium.  it just fits	 but barely covered everything.  (husband had no complaints!)	review_date"
"My wife loves this nightwear. The size was right on	 the color is beautiful	the material so very soft. It looks great. Arrived on the promised date. I would buy again.	review_date"
"The robe is the perfect amount of sheer without being too see through. True to size and good fabric	review_date"
"I love this. The quality is actually better than shown in the pictures.  Haven't washed it yet but I think it will hold up well if washed with other delicates.	review_date"
"The photo in the listing shows this robe completely covering the rear of the model.  The robe I recieved was the length of a shirt on me with my whole backside hanging out.  I am only 5鈥?.  Very disappointing.	review_date"
"Very pretty but the lace is so light that it is pretty delicate. I noticed a tear after wearing it the first time and I am not even sure if it was from me or if it was already there. I would suggest inspecting it fully upon arrival and the making sure to be careful with wearing it and storing it	review_date"
"Kind of big as opposed to what I expected for my size. I ordered a small and should have ordered an x-small if available. The quality of the lace is okay but way thin and cheap looking.	review_date"
"I bought this as a bridal shower gift for a friend. She absolutely loves it.	review_date"
"This was surprisingly very pretty and great quality. Sometimes stuff like this is super cheap	 but this is a great deal and worth the buy.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy. Only thing I didn鈥檛 like was the belt is very large and wide which looks weird when you tie it	 it bunches up and doesn鈥檛 look like a nice bow.	review_date"
"Cute and worth it! Even came with a pair of thongs	review_date"
"I bought the blue one and the color is BEAUTIFUL!! Its very soft almost silky..and comfortable...hubby loved it!!	review_date"
"I'm very pleased with this robe! It's very elegant but sensual. It's a great piece as a stand alone or an accessory.  I highly recommend this!	review_date"
"There is nothing about this item that I do not absolutely love!!!!!	review_date"
"It's beautiful but extremely itchy	review_date"
"The robe is a lot cheaper than the photos make it look. I had to replace the ribbon belt with a nicer satin ribbon. It almost works better as a kimono for everyday wear than lingerie because of the fit.	review_date"
"Fit great and looks even better	 a good way to start Xmas off.	review_date"
"Did the trick for sure...and covered enough for me to feel comfortable.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"nice but feels like it can break any moment	review_date"
"would buy again	review_date"
"Beautiful soft lace. Bought for a boudoir shoot and it looked amazing. Very happy with my purchase	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy robe. Goes with everything. Fits as expected.	review_date"
"SOOOOO CUUUUUTE!!!!	review_date"
"This fit very well	 and I  felt very sexy in this and my boyfriend loved this!  it is very thin	 if it gets attached to anything it will rip	 be careful.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really cheaply made	 but I still really enjoy it. Doesn鈥檛 stay closed very well either.	review_date"
"Nice robe	 material is comfortable. Husband is happy	review_date"
"The material isnt bad for the price. My boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"good quality love it	review_date"
"My future husband loves this on me	review_date"
"So pretty for the price!	review_date"
"This kimono is Hot	 this is my firat lace kimono I will buy more colors.	review_date"
"Sooo sexy	review_date"
"Love it! Would buy again in a different color	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and weigh 140 and a medium was perfect for me. My boyfriend was very pleased!	review_date"
"Great feel	 great material and great fit.	review_date"
"Was much shorter than i thought it would be but for sure can be worn alone as a sexy piece of lingerie.	review_date"
"The item is as advertised and was shipped promptly	review_date"
"Very sexy robe. I am happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"Sexy and comfy	review_date"
"I loveeeeee this item! It鈥檚 super sexy! Had no clue it鈥檇 come with the thong too! Niceeee!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 husband loved it 馃槉	review_date"
This literally came as a crop top and I am a 130 pound 5鈥?鈥?female.... I ordered a medium... it literally did not even cover past my waist
"Robe is great but the thong is not elastic at all	review_date"
"Bought a M in black. Fits perfectly. Very likely to buy another in a different colour.	review_date"
"I love this piece! Exactly like the picture 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Absoylove this one!	review_date"
"Bridal shower gift	review_date"
"I have no complaints!	review_date"
"Thank you!	review_date"
"Very pretty.  Ordered it For boidoir photos.	review_date"
"Really cute	review_date"
"Love this so sexy! Ordered medium for perfect!Shipping was on time too!	review_date"
"So cute .. fits great	review_date"
"It has a hole below the neck line	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"It was perfect 	 gave me the look I wanted	 looks just like picture.	review_date"
"This must鈥檝e been made for a doll.. do not purchase.	review_date"
"Cheaply made and extremely short鈥攁s a shirt! Do not get!	review_date"
"Fits great! I love it! Very sexy!	review_date"
"very sexy.	review_date"
"Need to be about 2 inches longer	review_date"
"Both my boyfriend and I love it 馃槈 Fits just right.	review_date"
"Definitely not worth it doesn鈥檛 even match the color	review_date"
"Must have ladies	review_date"
"Very nice!	review_date"
"It fits good just a lil too short but I like it.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 135 and wish I鈥檇 have bought a small but I was too excited to wear it to exchange it. I love that the ribbon comes unattached so it gives you the option of leaving it off	review_date"
"Color does not match.  Its more of a burgandy which I didn't want.  I wanted RED! Especially since I have some lingerie this color already and I don't care for it. Lastly the belt isn't shiny as pictured.	review_date"
"The fabric is super soft	 it鈥檚 easy to get on	 and it looks just like the image.	review_date"
"Very appealing. Soft lace. I got an XL so that I could wear as an evening dress. However	 it arrived with two holes in the back of garment. Will be returning  for this reason only.:(	review_date"
"great value! It is fashionable but still comfortable because of the soft lace. The quality is good. I would definitely recommend this to my friends.	review_date"
"Beautiful super sexy. Excellent fabric quality. Lace is tight together keeps shape. Found it to run alil small would suggest a 1sz bigger at minimum. It may just be me but I like my butt covered. Lol Can also be worn out over a tank top. It looked dressy and sassy.	review_date"
"I love this. It was a fantastic price and it's so soft. Glad I went with a medium Bcs I was nervous that sizing might be small. Fits great. Feels even better on!	review_date"
"AvidLove products have always been top quality for me! I'm a chubby girl at 5'5\ and 175lbs but ordering an AvidLove product	 I have never been disappointed! Item has some stretch! I was worried about feeling like a child in a romper and the crotch synching up the middle but it fit wonderfully and I would definitely buy it again! I bought an X-Large.""	review_date"
"I'll be very honest: it fits	 but isn't the most flattering. I ordered the XL- I wear a 38DDD	 am short waisted	 and wear between a 14 and 16. I have ordered another in the size larger	 we shall see how that goes .Otherwise	 the lace seems breathable	 the bodice is smooth (12th anny is 'silk')	 but the straps are very thin. The girls were kind of spilling out. Like my headline says	 I don't think it's meant to be on long! Pretty sure he will love either!Addendum: go with the snugger size. The XXL in comparison seemed HUGE.	review_date"
"I know it is hot or miss when you buy online this was a miss for me.  I am 5'3\ and very curvy.  This product must have been made with a 6' tall woman.  The body is very long. And did not fit me.  The crotch sagged and I had a lot of extra material hanging around my midsection.""	review_date"
"I ordered a bunch of lingerie preparing for my wedding / honeymoon	 and at such cheap prices	 built for Asian bodies mostly	 I shouldn鈥檛 have been surprised how little of it fit. This was my favorite purchase though! I鈥檓 curvy and large busted and even though it offered no support	 of course	 I feel incredibly sexy in it. The fabric is smooth	 comfortable	 and sensual. Highly recommend.	review_date"
"Wow	 what a wonderful surprise! It is true to size and the fabric feels so soft! It has a lot of stretch and hugs my curves in all the right places. This curvy gal is very happy with her first online lingerie purchase! I bought this in both large and XL sizes and the large fit perfectly. The XL is just too loose and the torso too long for me. For reference	 I鈥檓 5鈥?	 185 lbs.	 36D bra (35鈥?underbust	 40鈥?full bust)	 32鈥?waist	 and 42鈥?hips. Buy it"
"A little snug on the chest.I ordered a medium though and my chest is a 34D - so I feel that鈥檚 expected.I NEVER buy lingerie	 but saw this and the price was a steal.This is cute	 sexy	 and actually rather comfortable.	review_date"
"For the price there isn鈥檛 a lot beating this. Came with a slight factory smell nothing a wash can鈥檛 cure. You have to be very comfortable with the way your body looks. There is no fluff and no hiding in this thing. If you鈥檙e honest with your measurements and follow the size guide it should fit good the fabric stretches and is pretty forgiving if you鈥檙e in between sizes. If you need a reference I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?about 200 lbs it fit torso length wise just fine.	review_date"
"My measurements are 32-25-36 and the size small was hugeee on me.	review_date"
"Pretty material doesnt look cheap	 I would not size up though it is pretty stretchy and lose in the tummy area. I'm 140 lbs and 36D and theres plenty of room I think a small would have been perfect. So if you like it fitted get your true size or size down dont go bigger unless you like it loose or are preggers. I have already washed and dried it and it held up perfect so its pretty good quality	 good deal :-)	review_date"
"Another item I wanted for a wile	 when I did get it I was bummed out it was a little big	 but ok. I got a M. as I do most of the time	 Ioved it so much I ordered a S. When it came I could not wait to try it on	 it is still a hair loose but I did not want to take it off	 it feels so good I love it so I sent back the M. and ordered another S. I think next I will try a blue.	review_date"
"I ordered this super last minute and was not at all disappointed. I read the reviews	 looked at pictures	 and debated based on fabric if I wanted it. I am 5鈥? 170lbs and have a mom pouch. I was concerned that the fabric would be too clingy and show all my cellulite and mom pouch	 but was very surprised that it hugged me without showing too much. I plan to order another color. I wear a size 12 in pants and ordered an xl in this and it is a perfect fit. It also came packaged in a nice little ziplock plastic bag.	review_date"
"I love this so much! It fit great and looked really amazing. It fits like a one-piece bathing suit	 but extra sexy. I think this would look good on any body shape! I'm 5'3	 170ish pounds and curvy. The large fit perfect. There's a bit of stretch in the material	 so I wouldn't worry too much about it being too tight.	review_date"
"I normally wear a 12-14	 so ordered an XL.  It fit perfectly.  The fabric was soft and stretchy	 but not too flimsy like a lot of other lingerie I have purchased on Amazon.  My husband really liked it also.  I only had one problem and that was the strap broke	 but not a difficult fix with a few stitches.  I am definitely going to order another in a different color.	review_date"
"I love this and so does the hubby! It's soft and the color is amazing! Super sexy and comfortable!	review_date"
"Really sad that this came with a weird oil stain on it. I really liked it and it was comfortable! I originally got it as a cami shirt but after putting it on I realized that it wasn't really for going out- plus the oil stain.	review_date"
"I wasn鈥檛 sure when I first ordered but wow it worked perfectly for a costume idea of Kitanna (Mortal Kombat character) Fit me perfectly. And arrived fast and in great condition. So comfortable and I could move well in it. I鈥檝e since started using it as lounge wear. Good quality material.	review_date"
"I am not your average size girl. I am 5'11	 200 lbs and Avidlove lingerie has yet to let me down. I love this piece. So sexy and comfortable. This one I can actually purchase in every color.	review_date"
"Fabric is soft. Lace is a little stiff. Weird fit to wear as lingerie. Maybe as a bodysuit with a bra underneath with some jeans might be cute. I wear a size 8 \u0026 have a large bust. I ordered an XL \u0026 the fit was ok. I just don't love it	 didn't look cute. Will return.	review_date"
"Super sexy ! I鈥檓 a large woman 5鈥? 190 pounds and this was perfect to help cover up my mid section but also make me look good !	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\	 150lbs	 and 38DD. I got a medium. It's pretty snug. I would probably take a chance on a large just because I don't like snug fitting clothes and I want something that looks more like the photo when I'm wearing it. Good quality though	 will definitely be getting another""	review_date"
"maroon color was as expected! the straps have a lot of give and I had to tighten them all the way to get the large to fit me. the material is stretchy so that's good but it does show my stomach imperfections so I'll have to tone down before I feel more comfortable wearing it. but it's sexy and fits well so I'm happy!	review_date"
"Fit great. Was just a little big. Im 63鈥?tall and usually wear a size 12-14. I bought a XL but think I could鈥檝e bought a L. My boobs looked great in it! There is some good give in it. Overall good quality and materials are soft and comfortable. I鈥檇 recommend.	review_date"
"Nice soft material. The blue color is amazing. I bought a medium and I normally wear a medium. Is it fine. I'm 5-8 with the measurements of 34-28- 42	review_date"
"I bought a few new slinky pieces from amazon recently	 and while Ive liked all that have arrived so far	 this one is my absolute favorite! It is so comfy and cute and I will probably buy more of these. I used the other comments to gauge what size I鈥檇 need and it fits perfectly	 so comfy and silky and cute! Fast shipping too! Thank you!	review_date"
"The material is not velvet	 but some sort of polyester. It's a nice bodysuit. I usually wear an a size L	 and the L fits well.	review_date"
"Looks and feels great. My wife just loved it. Fits just perfectly.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 like the shape of this at ALL!!! It鈥檚 very boxy and unflattering.. it fits me very awkward and rides all the way up my butt lol but I must say that I love the stretchy silk fabric!!	review_date"
"Although it fits 	 the quality is not what I had hoped. Fabric looks and fees incredibly cheap. Also	 there should be a lining in the panty area for comfort	 etc.I鈥檒l probably just wear once since I got it.	review_date"
"So I'm a novice at all this \sexy nightwear\"" but this is by far one of my favorite items because of the material	 it's so soft and genuinely comfy.  So wether you're trying to be sexy or not	 it's a great item to wear to bed.""	review_date"
"More comfortable than expected and sexy!Stretchy soft material	 didn't ride up in uncomfortable places. I do wish it had better tummy control but it isn't designed for that.Will definitely buy more!	review_date"
"I think if I was a few inches taller in the upper torso and a cup size bigger this would have fit perfectly... I'm 5 foot 4in	 110lbs	 B chest and ordered a medium	 adjusting the straps to the point where it fit just looked ridiculous as it put the lace over the top of my shoulders and was baggy under the armpit... But from under the breast part down fit and looked great...	review_date"
"When I open de packing and took it out the Avilove Lencer铆a body short babydoll had one of the adjustable spaghetti strap (right strap) was broken	damage in the backless	review_date"
"Good quality for the price.  This fit better than I expected it to.	review_date"
"5'5\ and 125 lbs -SMALL - really good fit. Slightly loose at the bottom	 but XS would definitely be uncomfortable. Cheekies... but very appealing and sexy. Material is silky and lasting-enough for the price.""	review_date"
"Very pretty	 silky and sexy. I would prefer it smaller.  Its looser than I'd like	 but I'm going to sleep in it	 so that's ok. It feels great.	review_date"
"I love this! I weight 185lbs and I'm 5'4. I usually wear a large or xl. I ordered the xl and it fit perfectly. It fit just like the model. Will definitely order more things from Avidlove!	review_date"
"Med. 5'2 130 lbs 36 B bubble butt size. This fit surprisingly well and is quite comfy. The blue material in the middle is stretchy and super soft.	review_date"
"Omg so soft and sexy 		 and dose not feel cheap 	 wife thinks I look hot in it 馃槝 perfect for a guy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 prettier	 softer \u0026 more comfortable than I expected. Will be ordering another color for variety.	review_date"
"Bought for a friend who got married. She loved how it fit	 curvy girl and said she looked good in it! Comfortable and pretty!	review_date"
"This fits perfectly and the fabric is really great quality for the price point.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 on the thick side and this product fits amazingly. My only complaint is I wish the clips weren鈥檛 plastic making it delicate to remove. Cute color looks like the picture when you order.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?1鈥?so this is a bit small (short) but overall I like it	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks super sexy in this.  Lingerie is always hit and miss but this fit and looks better than much more expensive items.	review_date"
"She is 4'11 and small fit well with her 34D bust. Looks good on her. Fabric up top is a little rough	 but for the money not bad.	review_date"
"silky and soft and sexy. Ordered a Large based on the size chart	 fits great around	 actually a little long in the torso but the straps are adjustable. If my bust was a bit more self supporting those straps would be shorter.  I'm 5'5\ 184lbs	 108cm bust	 94cm waist	 105cm hips.""	review_date"
"Just a little long but its because my girl has a short torso	review_date"
"This actually fit better than expected. it has a very wide neck and it's pretty comfortable. The only think I will say is I'm 5' 9.5\ and the torso is a tiny bit short. It would fit a 5'8\"" and smaller person much better.""	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy! I purchased the LG blue. 5 3  36 dd  140lb. Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very cute teddie.  Material very nice.  Hard to find items like this.	review_date"
"Love the material it	s stretchey and fits nicely too my figure.	review_date"
"The fit is good and it looks really cute but the plastic strap holder broke before the first wear.	review_date"
"A LITTLE EXTRA MATERIAL AROUND THE MID SECTION BUT VERY SEXY.	review_date"
"Love this teddy! It鈥檚 classy and just the right amount of sexy! The blue is an amazing blue.	review_date"
"Exactly as expected! Love the quality of the material!	review_date"
"\PERFECTLY SEXY\"" that's how my boyfriend described it. I'm 5'9\""and 150. I went with the large mainly for length. It fit very well and looks amazing.""	review_date"
"Fit is perfect and its comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"Really cute.  Was overall a little big	 so exchanged for a smaller size	 which I am happy with.	review_date"
"For the price I'm shocked	 fits perfect! I'm 5.3 140 and I purchased a size small. I plan on getting every color鈽猴笍	review_date"
"I am 5' 5'' and 34A.I order the size S. It fit me and looks nice.	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥? fit great!	review_date"
"Cute but no crotch snaps. Hard to get in and out of.	review_date"
"Must buy.  Super silky and super sexy.  Hugs all the curves.	review_date"
"Read the size chart. I am 5鈥?0 and this fits like a glove. Will definitely buy it in another color. So cute and sexy	review_date"
"I expected it to have snaps or hook and eyes in the crotch but otherwise it is ok.	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfortable! As well as adorable.	review_date"
"Makes my body look great. LOVE!!	review_date"
"absolutely love this!!! it is a little baggy but it is long enough for my height. I am definitely buying another one! these are so comfy and cute!	review_date"
"Didn't like this one it came out to big \u0026 large	review_date"
"FIT PERFECT!	review_date"
"Im very picky about lingerie and I really like this.  Its soft and super cute.  Im a 38DD 5' 4\ and size a 10/12.  Large fits perfect.""	review_date"
"Love it. Soft and comfy	review_date"
"I absolutely love this lingerie! I got a medium and it fits well. My husband loves it too. I highly reccommend.	review_date"
"Fabric is nice.  It fits about the way I expected.  My husband loves it :)	review_date"
"Great pajamas- sexy and comfortable too! The best of both workds!	review_date"
"Love this! Fit as expected. I am 128lbs 5鈥?. I have A smaller chest with a fuller bottom. The size medium fit great!	review_date"
"Returning this item	 unfortunately this satin is not satin	 and is not of good quality.	review_date"
"Gift for a lady friend. Got a size up from what I thought she would be so that it would be more comfortably loose but it wasn't. Fit very well though.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy. I took boudoir photos and this was ny favorite outfit	 I also wear it to bed sometimes. LOVEEEEE and fits how it should. And the shoulder straps are adjustable.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
This is an awesome item! Looks terrific on the wife. Mid section is very soft and stretchy. Keeps everything looking great. For reference she weighs about 175lbs and is 5'1. Ordered a Large and it fits her like a glove. Very cheeky i may add 
"Great	review_date"
"BUT NICE	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"I really liked this item except that the crotch is fixed	 and does not have a way to open it such as snap or velcro fasteners. If it had a crotch closure	 I would have given 5 stars.	review_date"
"Fits nicely \u0026 looks good!	review_date"
"Color is beautiful but arrived with a cut in the fabric. Fit wasn't right. returning	 bought something else :/	review_date"
"Fits a i thought it would.. Buying another one	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"This product fits big	 but is very pretty.	review_date"
"Very cute. Soft satin and the lace cheeky bottom is sexy. It has adjustable spaghetti scraps but offers no support obviously.  My husband loves it! A bit big but still wearable	review_date"
"Iloved the fit it was really comfortable and my fiance loved it. i am buying another one in burgundy. So recommend it.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"I鈥檓 small size	 got small and is a little big	 not too much I wish it was XS	 the fabric is soft and spandex	review_date"
"I am tall 5\10 and didn't want to but body suit because i thought it would ride up and give me the dreaded camel toe but it fit perfect \u0026 the boyfriend loved it. It is very cute and comfy.""	review_date"
"Great packaging and value very nice material and great fit	review_date"
"I'm curvy and it fits great!  It still fits at 22 weeks pregnant.	review_date"
"This is not made for girls with long torsos. Otherwise it was as expected for the price point.	review_date"
"Perfect fit!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 125 lbs and athletic built	 and small fit a little loose and perfect	 super sexy and not to slutty! Comfy	 so soft and for the price - can鈥檛 go wrong! Get it	review_date"
"Loved the fit had a baby 3 months ago and this is the only thing that made me feel sexy again. 5鈥? 124 lbs and small fit perfect.	review_date"
"Love love love!!! Super comfy and sexy 馃槈 and EXACTLY as described 鉂わ笍 Which is very hard to find let鈥檚 be honest lol	review_date"
"I loved it	so did my husband	review_date"
"I returned this item because it did not fit well in the breast area. It was pretty and would probably look better on someone with larger breasts.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable as well!	review_date"
"It's so comfortable and sexy at the same time! It's so soft I love it!	review_date"
"My favorite lingerie!	review_date"
"Fits beautiful	review_date"
"Sexy as heck	review_date"
"The lace. The breast part could have been more fitted.	review_date"
"WOOOOOH!!!	review_date"
"Amazing fit	 love it.	review_date"
"For the pice I absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Feels nice and wears well under my sweaters.	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Ummmm yeah. Looked great on my wife.	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"Very flattering	review_date"
"Super comfortable to wear. Not too tight. Soft material.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a woman鈥檚 size 12/14 after looking at the size chart I went with a Xl. Fits great and super sexy.	review_date"
"the bottom was all lace never realy fit but i love walking in my house in my lingerie	review_date"
"Very nice material. I plan to buy more colors.Im 5	10 175 athletic Size xl fit great looks amazing!	review_date"
"Fits well	 the material isnt the best but does the job looking sexy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 comfortable and looks absolutely amazing. I鈥檓 a size 14 and the XL fits perfectly.	review_date"
"It fit great and is made well! Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Comfy and sexy. Ok made	 not the best but worth the money	review_date"
"Fun to wear and comfortable.	review_date"
"The material is very swishy and thick	review_date"
"Super sexy and cute!	review_date"
"A like the fabric	review_date"
"True to size!5鈥?	 175lbs XL fit perfect.	review_date"
"A little small but I love the way it looks	review_date"
"Loved this.! It fit as expected and hugged me in all the right places and was very flattering. I would definitely purchase again	review_date"
"Love the material	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Bought this for the wife 		love it	review_date"
"Cute but felt a little strange	review_date"
"Love it	 bought multiple colors	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Comfortable	 true to size	 great quality	review_date"
"Was not the same as pictured. Supposed to be a 1 piece but came as 2.	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks amazing! My wife loved wearing it!	review_date"
"Love it straps aren't very strong though	review_date"
"Awesome. Worth with cute jeans.	review_date"
"This is the second item I have bought Avidlove and I love them all. I bought one size bigger than I wear in shirts and it fit perfect. Both items fit the same so there wasn鈥檛 guessing based on the item. Will be buying more. It is also super comfy and sexy	 win win.	review_date"
My  wife  is  very  happy  with  it 
"I'm petite	 usually xs	 this was cute but didn't fit even	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Just a little to big but everything else was fine.	review_date"
"Very nice	 soft and stretchy. It鈥檚 comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 108 lbs	 34c/d	 it鈥檚 not skin-tight	 constricting or binding. I usually wear small	 sometimes medium when and if an item runs small around the bust (I wear 4p or 6p on dresses because of cup size). It doesn鈥檛 stick to the skin. I believe this is a comfortable fit for anyone 5鈥?鈥?(petite) and under with similar measurements. This isn鈥檛 a VS piece	 however	 in quality of fabric and design	 this item is fantastic for the price and style of teddy. I鈥檓 going to order one more.	review_date"
"Ordered this in red and really liked it! I am a bigger girl and mom of 3	 and it made me feel sexy! I ordered xl	 I normally wear a 14 or 16 and 40DD	review_date"
"Wife loves it and especially me she said it feels great and she wears it around the house	review_date"
"The pattern is nothing as the picture	 but it's cute	review_date"
"Yea	 I'm a big girl. Not the pretty \thick\"" girl but rather a normal fat/chunky girl. My husband was so happy to get this for me and I must admit I was not thrilled to try it. Like straight up NO WAY. However I will say I was only 10% disappointed in what I saw. It hit my good points in great ways	 and my not so good areas it kinda just glided over. Which hey--that's kinda great! So listen	 ladies....this item may be on a gorgeous model but it looks good on us normal gals too. Don't think you're not good enough for it like I did at first. I'm happy my husband saw me in such a way that he wanted to see me in. He even bought it in another color! I'm sharing this review on that item as well. Enjoy yall!""	review_date"
"	review_date"
"I love it thank you so much	review_date"
"I had my doubts but I was pleasantly surprised! And so was my husband! It didn't look like much when I opened it but WOW! When I put in on	 I loved it! So comfortable! I'm a size 16 and it hugged all my curves!	review_date"
"Well	 we'll have to see what the husband thinks because it looks like it is literally worth about seven cents. I actually LOL'd on my own when I pulled it out of the package. I know $10 isn't a lot in the scheme of things	 but seriously.It looks trashy though	 and that's kinda the point. 馃槈	review_date"
"Perfect if you want to feel sexy. I suggest washing cold and delicate dry. Fits well. Have had trouble with pasties wearing this so make sure you are using a fresh pair or highly adhesive pasties. If you a big butt would warn you that it rises easily!	review_date"
"Sometimes when you buy something on Amazon	 you just think \Man	 I am really happy I bought this!\"" The quality of this dress was really nice for the low price. It  looked fantastic on my wife	 and I'm convinced from the way it stretches	 and other reviews	 it would honestly look good on about any woman	 as long as you can talk her into wearing it! My wife rolled her eyes and said it would never fit and would look really stupid	 but once she got it on (which is really easy because of the great stretchy material) she actually said she loved it and it was very comfortable. Score for me! Don't be shy	 make your husband happy	 buy this!""	review_date"
"I am 5'8\ and approx 255	 and this thing is AWESOME! Das Man LOVES it! I do	 too! To be honest though	 as I said	 I'm 5'8\""	 and it still goes almost down to the top of my knees. I would cut it to the length I want it	 but that would destroy the integrity of the mesh and it would be one tearing mess. However	 aside from the length	 it's fantastic! Soft and comfortable!""	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 155 lbs and this hardly fits. Also the pink color is not anywhere close to what the picture shows. Very disappointed to waste my money.	review_date"
"Whoa mama! I wasn't sure if this was going to look as good on a real person as it did on the models. I'm happy to say it does. If you have an hourglass figure (or are particularly curvy in one department)	 you'll love how the mesh naturally expands to accentuate your curves	 and shows off your small waist with the contrasting smaller holes. My husband loved it and most importantly	 I felt good wearing it. My \Swiss cheese dress\"" is now my go-to when I need some confidence \u0026 comfort in the bedroom.""	review_date"
"Love it. Super simple (it's basically a tube dress with holes) but effective. Fits comfortably and looks sexy on. Doesn't pinch or squeeze or make your plus size areas seem more plus. 鈽猴笍	review_date"
"Hey	 ten bucks doesn't buy much these days. I took a chance ordering this and expected to get crap. As it turns out	 this is actually decent quality and fits as it should. Depending on your body shape you may or may not look *just like* the model	 but rock it	 because this is a fun little garment that will make you feel sexy. Oh	 and I bought it in pink	 and it's true to color.	review_date"
"This is a very stretchy tube-sock looking thing	 with lots of holes cut in it.  I'm not small and it stretched to fit over me without much trouble.  I wear a size 38H bra	 and the material stretched fairly thin over my chest.  There is little to no actual support	 but that's not the idea of this thing.  While I like the color	 it makes me look a bit sickly in most lighting.  It is quite comfortable to wear	 but it really leaves nothing to the imagination (which	 obviously	 is the point). The bottom of it tends to roll up some when I walk around which is the reason it didn't get 5 stars. My husband enjoys the thing	 so that and the comfort are what matter.	review_date"
"So	 originally I was worried about this dress as I pulled it out of the package. I am 5鈥?鈥?and approximately 190lbs	 long torsoed	 and usually a size 12ish. This came out of an envelope no bigger than a piece of paper! Being a one size fits all	 I was nervous. But upon further examination	 this dress is EXTREMELY forgiving. Once I stretched the fabric out it fit me perfectly with room to spare! In the photo this dress looks leathery or almost plasticy - but it鈥檚 not. The fabric is very soft and resembles the fabric a lot of traditional fishnets use. It was very comfortable and very sexy! Great product!	review_date"
"Looked Like a sock when it was delivered but fit perfectly once I shimmied it up my torso I'm Not a small gal	 and it fit me wonderfully. I can say I think it would fit anyone in the xs to xl range for sure	 maybe even up to a xxl comfortably.For Those of us that aren't the basic proportions of chest/tummy/booty	 this is perfect	 it slims over whatever curves you may have	 wherever you may have them.	review_date"
"I bought this *CoughformyfianceCough* during our intimate times. The material isn't the best made but it defiantly isn't the worse. I can tell that during a rough time the material will rip especially if there is pulling so be careful.As far as how the product fit	 it was more or less spot on. Covered exactly how much I wanted and if it is a little to long just roll it up a little. You can barely tell from how thin the material is.When this is worn out I will purchase this again as my Fiance and I have a lot of fun with it. I will be giving this a  4 star rating due to how easily the material could rip.	review_date"
"This thing is HOT! When I took it out of the package	 I was like really??? But	 to my surprise is shocked me. It was very good quality	 comfortable	 and very sexy. It fits the big girls with  ease. Don't hesitate to purchase. You will not regret it.	review_date"
"I got to say the shipping was awesome	 came in two days early. When I first opened it I thought O NO this is gonna be way too small	 but it stretched to fit my curves and it looked so good on. Absolutely my new favorite lingerie. I gave it four stars because this sh*t is a b*tch to put on. lol its like putting on one giant stocking you gotta roll the sleeves to put on and up your arm. It's a mess	 but when its on it is gorgeous. In love with this and my husband loves it too.	review_date"
"Each survived 3 woollite hand washes (after that it is stretched	 and the 2 layers separate).  Then wore another one.  I ordered again because my boyfriend LOVES it.  Now ordering 3 more packages of 3	that is 27 wears/washes for $30.  That is more than worth it.  All such things should bring this much pleasure.	review_date"
"This is cute \u0026 sexy at the same time!! It looks small when you take it out of pkg but its very forgiving \u0026 stretches with no problem \u0026 will go back to original size when you take it off. I am 170 lbs 5' 3\ tall \u0026 I have plenty of room with some to spare wearing it. My husband loved it!!""	review_date"
"FANTASTIC! So glad I took the chance. Buyers should understand - this is NOT a dress by any means	 but more of a body stocking. The fit is of a tube dress	 and that is exactly what you get - a tube of fabric with holes in it. The material is the same as heavyweight pantyhose/tights	 so that means it is semi-see-through	 can tear if it catches on something (like a rough fingernail edge) BUT also means it is SUPER stretchy.All that being said	 this looks SEXY as all get-out - and I am a bigger girl. I normally wear anywhere from a size 16-20	 with ample top and rear. I did question whether I was going to get this over my butt or not	 but it shimmied on with no problems. I do recommend putting it on feet-first and pulling up	 rather than over your head	 as the pulling upwards will help get the \girls\"" in place properly. (Side note - there is no support for \""the girls\"" at all - but neither I or hubby cared	 since it looked so good. You can't even tell. The cutouts help give the illusion of being perkier). Also	 it is SHORT - I am 5'2\"" and it came down just past my rear. If you have less rear for it to stretch over	 you may get better length than I did. But	 do you really care? You're not wearing it to go to the grocery store.So	 it had pros and cons	 but still well worth 5 stars because"
"I love it! Is embarrassed because I'm a bigger sizes woman	 but when I saw it on me I was impressed.  And my man was speechless	 I couldn't get him off of me.	review_date"
"Don't waste your money. The material is not mesh. Not sure what it is but it's sort of like a nylon. It starts to roll up at the bottom and just keeps rolling until it's sitting above your hips. Everytime I move it rolls up over my hips. It's worthless don't waste your money	review_date"
"I LOVE this outfit. It is extremely flattering	 and pretty unique. You could even wear the shirt over a tank top in public and it would look cool.Sizing: it fits me perfectly as a 5鈥?	 115 lbs	 34-23-34 person. Keep in mind It is really tiny before being stretched. I felt snug in it in a good way	 but I would not recommended this for someone larger than a Medium	 really.	review_date"
"I didn't love this item as it didn't fit me very well it was also ripped when I received it and the package was a bit damaged as well but I may still try and use it just don't think its worth it for the price maybe try and find a cheaper one at least you get what you pay for if its a bit cheaper and the reason I gave it three stars was because it was pretty fast getting here so thought it deserved three for that :/.	review_date"
"A nice item. Her nipples poke out perfectly!	review_date"
"Very nice! :D Big girls	 dont worry about thia being too small. Im 5'7	280	 with 52 inch hips and it fit me well. It doesnt feel tight or constricting	 of course the corcles are a little wider haha! But still sexy.	review_date"
"I absolutely looooove this thing! It is very soft and comfortably stretchy	  not like the lace ones that stretch but dig into your skin. My husband was speechless	 needless to say I am on here ordering just about every color lol If it helps anyone afraid of buying this shitaci online I'm 5'5\ 150lbs 36D size 12-14 womens "
"Fit and looked just like the picture! I'm 5'9	 180 lbs and it had the right amount of stretch. I usually purchase more expensive lingerie from Victoria's Secret but hubby said this one was his absolute favorite! Must buy!	review_date"
"This piece is absolutely super sexy and fit my curves to perfection! I am plus sized and wasn't sure this would fit so I letting all the thick girls know im a size 2x and it fit me with a lil room to spare for maneuvering if you know what i mean :) its the sexiest piece of lingerie i own currently! I highly recommend this piece to anyone wanting to feel and look super sexy!	review_date"
"I鈥檒l be honest when I ordered this it came out of the packaging looking like it would fit a small child. I thought it was a joke. But I said what the hell abs tried it on. It stretches out and fits perfectly. My husband absolutely loved it and I felt super sexy in it. And it came a day early so it鈥檚 a win from me. I would definitely recommend this item.	review_date"
"Really good material nice big holes nipples sticks out perfectly we love it its sexy wen my wife saw she said do i have to put this on because it looked like a piece of matrial but wen she put it on it contoured her thik figure perfectly n she slept with it on lol you kno how that went haha thank you	review_date"
"YAAAASSSSSSSSSSS!!!!! This ensemble is SOOOOOOOO sexy..and comfortable!  I'm 5'9	 215 (somewhat athletic/ pear-shaped) and it looked AMAZING on.	review_date"
"I ordered this and a bag of literal tomato seeds showed up instead and now it's saying that I can't get the item replaced or return the item.  Would not recommend. Although	 if you are looking for heirloom tomato seeds	 then this might be for you.	review_date"
"Beautiful and GREAT amount of stretch.  I'm just discovering fasicat and I'm loving the brand!!! Seller was perfect in getting the item to me in fast time.  Dress is one sz and fits like a glove...for reference I'm small framed w xlarge bust 34ddd.  Holds the girls as expected.	review_date"
"Does my hubby like it?  Yes.  Is it awesome?  Not really.  I could make this easily for less than it costs to order.  Also	 my nipple rings get caught on it a lot.  The color was great when I got it	 but once I washed it it looked old right away.  I would not buy again.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 about 120 lbs	 looks super tiny when you take it out the bag but it definitely stretches well	 I鈥檓 not super curvy so I can鈥檛 speak on that type of fit but since this just forms to your body I think it will work for any shape	review_date"
"I loved this on my wife. She said it felt very comfortable. I only seen it on with her just trying it on but looks like it will fit most body shapes as long as you dress it up with a colorful thong or something. Not any dislikes as of now.	review_date"
"Good thing it's one size.. What I didn't like it's the material looks cheap. But for the price it's okay!..you can use it underneath of your bikini or at nights to model it to your man with nothing underneath.	review_date"
"This is like a tube too from back in the day...feels like the same material. That said it stretches from my chest to mid thigh and could probably stretch a little more. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?  For the price it was worth it.	review_date"
"I have to say I was a little nervous ordering this due to my size. I'm 5'6 and 260 lbs. However I love the fit!!! The material is soft and feels good. It fits a little tighter but my husband says i look sexy. The holes are a little wider of course on me but I still feel great in it!!	review_date"
"To be honest I was shocked that this fit me at all	 it definitely is stretchy	 I weigh 220 lb and I'm 5'5\ and it was able to fit	 we'll see how he likes it on Valentine's Day!""	review_date"
"I was a bit hesitant when I pulled this out of its package because of the size.  But this would fit most women with voluptuous curves.  An extremely sexy garment.  I'm 5'7\ about 150 lbs with curves	 looked fantastic on.""	review_date"
"My wonderfuly sexy wife	 loves to dress up for me. Dress	 leggings	 7鈥?platform stripper shoes - you name it! She loves these dresses and has 3 or 4 colors. I love them too 馃槣	review_date"
"Wife is 5'0\ Redhaed with a 34 DD Bust Size	 a 30\"" Waist and 35\"" Hips. This thing fits like a second skin and all I can say is WOW""	review_date"
"I wanted something blue. Cheaply made material	 but what do you expect at that price? I found it was well suited for it's purpose. It was fun for my partner to tear it off me during our intimate fun time. :-D	review_date"
"I ordered several different pieces of lingerie from different sellers on Amazon	 and some were great while others were terrible. This piece was great! Good quality	 fits perfectly	 and my husband loves it! If you're like me and nervous about ordering lingerie from Amazon	 this piece is one where you can't go wrong.	review_date"
"This looked like one knee high!  I'm tiny and I definitely didn't look like the model!  However I gave a couple extra stars for the superb customer service who refunded yet let me keep.  Win/win - now to buy the other knee high 馃槈	review_date"
"All I can say is wife looked very sexy in it.	review_date"
"This was tight and my gf is a size 6 or 8	 I guess I really don't know what size she is. I do know she's about 5'7\ and weighs around 130.  She felt super sexy in it and I was the benefactor.""	review_date"
"Looks and feels very sexy. Husband is happy with it and the price.It is difficult to pull up but he was there \supervising\"" to make sure it was perfect.""	review_date"
"Bought this for the Mrs. in July 2017	 taking it out of the packaging it looked it wouldn't fit a 5 yr old but it stretches like you wouldn't believe. The wife is on the heavy side at about 5'6 inches	 and IT FITS! Not mention that	 whenever she puts it on...it is ON! wink wink :)	review_date"
"I absolutely love this on my girlfriend. Although it's more like a body sock or something like that. Very one size fits all as it comes packaged kind of like panty hose. I really think your size/shape will determine how it looks on you. Even bought it in the purple after we received the black one.	review_date"
"She loved it	 felt very sexy in it. I loved it because she looked sexy in it. And she's tiny so I expected it to droop even though it was the smallest size.Highly recommend this for any woman looking to spice things up.	review_date"
"This is HOT HOT HOT. I am 22 weeks pregnant with #3 and it hugged all my curves perfectly. I couldn't wait any longer so put it on to surprise my husband in the middle of the day a few days after it arrived. Let's just say nap time around our house has never seen so much action! You won't regret this purchase. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"will buy more because when they say it stretching trust me when i say it does because i was in a 5x now in a 4x and it still fits good	review_date"
"This is a great dress for the bedroom. My husband loved it. Very nice color. I'm probably going to order more colors	review_date"
"Very stretchy i think ppl bigger than me could fit into it as well. It goes down to almost my knees. People I have shown loves it on me.5'5ft 210-225lbs 40D-38-46in	review_date"
"Partner loves to wear this around the house.  A little risque to wear in pubic	 but that's not what it was purchased for.	review_date"
"What can one say.  It speaks for itself.  When my wife wears this appealing dress	 it makes a very fun night!  Sorry	 no photos.	review_date"
"When they say this fits all forms	 it fits ALL. I'm 5'11\	 roughly 275 pounds	 and this was soooooo comfortable! Warning tho! I was a little afraid that I was going to rip it while putting it on (start feet first! it rolls a bit after you get it on) but that's to be expected with the kind of material we're working with here. I got the pink one	 and I thought it was going to be a little more prominent and not as see through (I have darker skin	 so that could be why it looked a lil diff on me). Overall	 I totally recommend!Side/Fun note"
"There was nothing that I disliked about this item	 what I liked about this item is how ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!! it looked on my girlfriend.I bought it for her because I found it to be sexy	 and she deserves to look even sexier than she already does.	review_date"
"I'm fat and have a big penus but this makes me look great in the dim red light  I get sexy feeling	review_date"
"Very sexy! My husband liked it a lot	 and I enjoyed the fit and feel of it as well. What more is there to say?	review_date"
"Very sexy piece and the way its made will fit just about any body shape and size.  I was afraid that it might be tight in certain places but that isn't the case.	review_date"
"I think my GF looks great in it. SHe says it was a bit tight and she feared ripping it putting it on. I feel thats because it was brand new out of the box	 she'll have to wear it a few times so the fit is a bit looser. Besides that its a great product.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 200 pounds n it fit great  the stretch is amazing n it鈥檚 not flimsy material at all it鈥檚 flattering and very very stretchy	review_date"
Let's face it
"Looks incredible on my wife	 makes our mischief super kinky. I love it on her. To top it off	 add some crotchless panties and let the fun begin! Good material and definitely getting a few more different colors. We love it.	review_date"
"My sub looks hot in this	 and she loves the way she looks in it. May have to update review after first hand wash.	review_date"
"Definitely is very useful for my wife and I	 she looks even better when its off	review_date"
"Love it!  Fits great as it's very stretchy.  Holds boobs up too!  Looks really good.  Only 5'1\ tall and it fits.  38DD W 36 hips""	review_date"
"Very sexy!  However	 it does roll up quite a bit making it annoying but hot nonetheless.  I'm 5'9\	165	 38DD.""	review_date"
"I was very skeptical about this. I thought it was going to be one of those really tiny things that states it will fit you but really doesn't. It fits perfectly. Very comfortable and sexy!	review_date"
"Ummm	 can I say I love this thing!  I think it would look great on any size person male or female! It can be pulled down to make it knee length or super short.  I want one in every color! This thing is super sexy!	review_date"
"The quality was much better than I had anticipated and it helped bring about an excellent evening. I would recommend this product simply because it provides so much for so little.	review_date"
"If you at a large woman DO NOT ORDER. This is as wide as a sheet of loose leaf paper. Have to be stretch	review_date"
"Super cute for the price. Very forgiving of cellulite.	review_date"
"I really like this.  It fits perfect and is very comfortable.  My fiance LOVES it!	review_date"
"Love love love this bought this for my wife as something we both would appreciate and man this was a great buy I promise you will not be disappointed	review_date"
"I got this for my wife	 in hopes to spice up the mood in the bedroom.  She loves it (now she has three	 in different colors).  She likes them cause they hold up well and dont get in the way in the bedroom!	review_date"
"I guess you get what you pay for. It literally was a little better than pantie hose	review_date"
"Even though I ordered an XL	 it was not really designed for full figured woman. Manufacturer needs to take into account that their idea of XL in the orient is much much different in translation when it comes to American women	review_date"
"soft and stretchy great pick...get one today!	review_date"
"This is the 3rd one of these I've bought for various playmates. They are really sexy and fun. Looks great over other micro dresses or covering nothing but skin. Yummy!	review_date"
"This is a very simple design	 the lady in the picture looks great in it and it would look good on someone with implants or non children bearing breasts. Still still sexy just not as sexy as the picture	review_date"
"Seriously...it looks like someone took a plus-sized pair of tights	 cut off the leg and then cut a bunch of holes in it.  DO NOT waste your money on this! It's not returnable.	review_date"
"Great for bikini going and coming from the pool at your favorite resort hotel.	review_date"
"Love how the wife looks wearing it. Item just as described.	review_date"
"I was worried the outfit would be too tight but the material has a lot of stretch. It is quite revealing and serves its purpose well.	review_date"
"Wife fills it out... Does yours?  Whether weHe's going for the hooker look or the\ I think we have mice \"" routine ... It's fun while it was on""	review_date"
"My husband absolutely loves this when I walk out of the room with my red high heels and this on. He goes crazy!	review_date"
"I typically wear a XL in dresses ( 5'7	 195 pounds	 38 DDD) and this fits perfectly. Buy this and wear it for your man. 馃槏	review_date"
"This was a lot of fun. I did not have to worry about the fit as it stretches. My husband and I enjoyed this a lot and it was a fun surprise for him.	review_date"
"Vary stretchy really will fit anyone. Can probably wrap my car with it if i tryed	 yet would fit snug on a hotel tube pillow. Love the look vary sexey if its the only thing warn.	review_date"
"I LOVE it but it is so much LONGER than I expected. It comes down to my knees!	review_date"
"My girlfriend loves it!! And I love seeing it on her!! She says it's very comfortable..	review_date"
"I really wanted to like this!! I got it in two different colors. It was Very tight	 but I eventually got it on. Given the thin	 stretchy	 material	 I thought it would relax after wearing it a few times...Wrong!! I have them both away :(	review_date"
"Wasn't sure about this item. Seems made of Nylon Material but good quality. Rolls up a but if you have a Butt and are walking around. Husband thought this was a great purchase for the price.	review_date"
"I am 5'6\ and I weigh 196 pounds. I have HH breasts and 46\"" hips. This item fit me and it would fit a person significantly larger/smaller too. It is sexy and we love it.""	review_date"
"Not much to it - it looks like a tube-shaped piece of cloth with a ton of holes in it	 but that's the point. Hubby enjoys!	review_date"
"Looks better on the model	review_date"
"Just as described. Worked well	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife and I'm in Love	review_date"
"If you want a pantyhose dress to wear	 this is your piece. Disappointing to find out when it arrived that it was not what I thought it would be.	review_date"
"Looks great	 hides fat and you can move the holes around. Rides up a little while wearing it but they all do. Great value! I'm going to buy more colors.	review_date"
"looks nice but don't expect to keep long.  almost feels like biodegradable hospital clothing material and can't be washed more than a few times.	review_date"
"Very form fitting. A little bit short. My wife is 5'1\ 110 lbs 	 and it doesn't stay down. I bought the green because it looked bright but its more pastel. Overall pleased.""	review_date"
"This is really sexy and fit just as I has expected!  My husband really loves it and so do I!  The quality is just what you would expect for the price	 but that doesn't really matter to me in the bedroom.  I may try and wear it out to a party.....we'll see	 lol!	review_date"
"Love it	 soft	 sturdy	 and good stretch	review_date"
"I love it! I am plus size (US 18/20) \u0026 it fits me well. It is comfortable \u0026 sexy. A fun \u0026 naughty surprise to seduce your partner with.	review_date"
"It is what it is. Sexy as hell in that trashy awesome sort of way. Wife looked amazing in it.	review_date"
"Fun product. Soft and easy to get on. Probably better for those not as heavy as I am. One of the mesh pieces couldn鈥檛 handle my size and tore into another hole. Oh well	 more my fault than the product鈥檚.	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"This product was mis-marketed. The fabric is easily ripped and did not fit me	 it might fit if you're a twig and have no shape... My measurements are 35/33/38 and this held none of it's original shape! Went to return it and wouldn't you know... It's not returnable! So disappointed. Will not buy ever again!!!	review_date"
"I got this for my wife and she puts it on and she wears it and it does the trick get it	review_date"
"It's actually pretty comfortable and very stretchy. When I first recieved it I was like how in the world am I going to fit in this thing.	review_date"
"If your a plus size woman it stretch to were the red turns into a very light red. But it get the job done to please your partner. But it would of been sexier with sleeves.	review_date"
"It fits perfectly.	review_date"
"No wonder a NO return policy. This doesn鈥檛 even fit me	 a size 7. So No no No NO NO it does NOT fit ALL.  Stay away from this seller. You have been warned.	review_date"
"My wife looks awesome in this.  I love it.  She likes it also.  She is trying to figure out how to wear it over something.  She thinks its pretty.	review_date"
"I've had similar one-piece tube tops/suits and this is by far the most comfortable and soft one I have ever worn. You don't have to be uncomfortable to feel sexy! I ordered the black and it had a great comfortable fit. The fabric is so soft it snagged a ring for a moment but didn't rip! Great little piece for the price	 especially.	review_date"
"Fits my gf perfectly at 5'2 124lb D38 I can slide in without needing to move any clothing out of my way	 on those extra freaky days I've she's dressed me up with it (6'3 210 thick build) doesn't get stretched out she can wear it right after me and still feel supported	review_date"
"OK	review_date"
"great  but color pink didn't work well	review_date"
"Hawt	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"she looks great in this	review_date"
"my wife love it. fit as expected for her. affordable price	review_date"
"kind of sticks to itself...  Not in A convenient way either.	review_date"
"Looks great on my girlfriend she has never looked so good love it.	review_date"
"Ugly and fits everyone I tried to give it to poorly. I hated it so I gave it to my skinniest friend and she came out of the bathroom laughing. This mesh nylon material is a joke	review_date"
Very comfortable and fitting. My husband likes it for sure! 
"This is a sexy dress that will light up your lovers eyes! It looks like a tiny stalking until you stretch it on - then wow!	review_date"
"Not one size fits all	review_date"
"Be careful if you have nipple piercings though	review_date"
"Serves it's purpose well	review_date"
"Really sexy	 really hot	 really worth it. I love this and my husband does too.	review_date"
"should have known better based on the price but took a chance. lacks good elasticity. color as pictured. will be returning.	review_date"
"awesome	review_date"
"Bought as a gift and we both loved it. Can鈥檛 beat the price and I can鈥檛 wait to see her in it again	review_date"
"I love it.  She loved it.  With this as the bait.....I caught what I wanted.  Excellent purchase.	review_date"
"The color is just as pictured	 and the fit is superb.  I wear between a size 18 and 20	 and this has room to spare!	review_date"
"Added red high heels and red dangling earrings	 and that's it! My husband was VERY excited when he got home from work. This outfit was SMOKIN' HOT!!	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"After one wear it just kind of rolls up into a ball. LOL takes some time to put on the next time around LOL but fun to wear	review_date"
"This fabric is soft and stretches to fit your body. I opened the package and thought it would just fit over my thigh	 until I tried it on. The color is vibrant and it Looks really sexy when you put it on ...	review_date"
"Should be a little cheaper for what t is	 but it is what you expect.	review_date"
"looks super hot on my wife	review_date"
"definitely true to size	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Very Strecthy... and very pretty.. love how it looks on my body.. was suppose to come early this week but  just happy it came before the weekemd...	review_date"
"I ordered this on the 29th and it didn鈥檛 arrive until the 4th. The slow 鈥減rime鈥?shipping is a lie. If you need this item order early and when it arrives it will be too big. I am very disappointed in this purchase.	review_date"
"fits great	 very forgiving. super secy outfit for the bedroom.	review_date"
"Fits great and is exactly what one would expect :) Exactly what I wanted :)	review_date"
"Excellent. When you wash it though	 don't put it in the dryer.. fuzzy things will attach themselves to the material.	review_date"
"Got this as a gift for a bachelorette party. Seemed to be a big hit.	review_date"
My and my hubby have had fun with this 
"enjoyed it and my playmate did too!  she is very busty and curvy	 so the visual is quite stunning! will try others	review_date"
"I stretches. She is a size18 and got into it	 and she looks great. "
"Doesn't really give you an option to say that the quality of this garment is poor.  It would fit if constructed in a quality manner.  Because it's not hemmed or trimmed at the top and bottom	 it either rolls down at the top	 or rolls up from the bottom.  Not an attractive look.	review_date"
"Outstanding outfit and fit my partner like a glove.  I strongly recommend this for your partner.	review_date"
"What can I say? It looked good on her and it looked great crumpled at the foot of the bed.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 makes your shape look good regardless. Accidentally got 2 in the mail	 separate packages. Discreet packaging of course.	review_date"
"wife loves it	review_date"
"The product was good. However it took more than 2wks in arrive that was my only concern.	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"Sexy \u0026 tight	review_date"
"I have no idea why its one size fits all! I am a large or 1x. This dress only fits a small person maybe wearing a size small or even xs! I took it out the packaging and it looks like a piece of cloth with holes in it!	review_date"
"Inexpensive and looks fantastic	review_date"
"Very nice piece	 most impressed with the material	 stretchier then I thought it would be but still form fitting and very soft.	review_date"
"Luv this outfit super cute and sexy love that it was stretchy and actually fit. I'm 5 ft 9 and a US size 16-18 this fit perfect.	review_date"
He liked it a lot 
"I don鈥檛 feel this product is worth the money spent. The fabric and cut look. To me it鈥檚 over priced . Not a horrible product but could use somthing to help keep it from riding up. It鈥檚 also a small piece of fabric for a one size fits all...	review_date"
"sexy!	review_date"
"The description picture speaks a thousand words. Looks exactly the same way in person.	review_date"
"perfect!  wife pulled / stretched it on -- looked EXACTLY like model in picture!  didnt have to worry about strings or laces or \not fitting\"" - stretched over everything!! NICE!""	review_date"
"Was very excited when I put this on that it fit	 I was also surprised that it was comfortable!	review_date"
"My man LOVED me in this. Fits like a charm	review_date"
"Bought as gag gift for party. They loved it!	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks amazing	  I love how it fits as expected	 I thought it will lookf too loose	 and no	 it looked and felt amazing.	review_date"
"Five stars all around. He loved it. Trust me you won't be wearing this thing for long.	review_date"
"Comfortable material and fits just as expected. My wife was very happy with this outfit.	review_date"
"just a tube of fabric with holes in it.  Didn't matter didn't stay on her to long. would be great under a see thru dress for that extra. HELLO :)	review_date"
"Basically made oit of panty hoes	 not the thicker normal fabric i was expecting. probably wont last long.	review_date"
"Isn't it SUPPOSED to be too small?	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits well and wife says it's also very comfortable will definitely be buying more in different colors	review_date"
"Super Hot and Sexy	 but we both prefer some of the other colors.	review_date"
"This material is super stretchy and I would think one size would fit anyone.  I love how this looks and feels!	review_date"
"We been looking around for fun stuff at adult stores came across something like this that we both like but the price was ridiculous. This is way cheaper and fits perfect.	review_date"
"Fits nice! Just as expected. Very sexy!	review_date"
"She loves the stripper dress	review_date"
"Sexy. Hubby loved it... and since it doesn't stay on long perfect for the price.	review_date"
"Yaaasss hunni! This is sexy and comfortable. I love it! So does he.	review_date"
"Great product	 great delivery time. It's a very simple dress with a lot of lycra that fits perfectly to my wife's body. She loves it and me too.	review_date"
"Perfect for bedroom or public	review_date"
"This is gonna be a great surprise for someone	review_date"
"very much overpriced .	review_date"
"She wouldn't wear it!	review_date"
"I'm a plus size woman and had no issues putting this on! When I first took it out I thought \there's no way I'll get into this\"" I was very wrong! This thing stretches... So fellow BBW have no fear when you order this""	review_date"
"This looks super super cute.  I love it!	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 my husband loved it.	review_date"
"She loved it !	review_date"
"This is like a small panty hose . Very poor quality but it does the trick for the price. The packaging was better than the product	review_date"
"Wow very sexy on my wife. I'm happy! Fits as expected	review_date"
"I's sure it was by design	 but this is very thin and flimsy. I don't expect it to last more than one or two uses.	review_date"
"as described.....Great Product!	review_date"
"husband loves it	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS. Its so stretchy	 it fits in all the right places! My man loves! Would buy more!	review_date"
"It fit like it was supposed to and it is comfortable. The only problem I have with it	 is that I am too flat chested to really pull it off.	review_date"
"As advertised and lots of fun with spouse or GF.	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"It stretches... and stretches... and stretches... and then it will stretch some more! 馃槀	review_date"
"Hot and sexy	review_date"
"It was cheap and nice	review_date"
"Womens Strapless Chemise Sleepwear Lingerie...	review_date"
"Barely fit her an she is a medium on the low scale.  Had to wiggle to get it on.  Not very durable since we broke the bottom trim of it	review_date"
"unless skinny - one looks like a sausage	review_date"
"Hard to put on. Not worth buying.	review_date"
"Looks sexy on my girlfriend	review_date"
"It fit perfect for what it was made.  I bought this for my wife and I loved it. She said she even felt really sexy  in it too.	review_date"
"My wife looks good in this outfit	review_date"
"This hot little number is all you need to show off your hard work in the gym and the spa.  Fits curvy and ample figures and really delivers the sass!	review_date"
"Very stretchy. I'm curvy and it fit better than most things. I always have to size up in stuff like this because it runs so small.	review_date"
"The material isn't the best quality	 feel rough. Definitely one time use if you choose to wear it.	review_date"
"Really stretchy material. Very sexy! husband loves it...on me of course =)	review_date"
"This is the most simple outfit but when you put it on	 it will make any figure look sexy!  The fabric blends on any body to make it look sexy and attractive	review_date"
"My fiancee looks hot and sexy !  Great fit great price	review_date"
"Fits very well \u0026 my fiance really likes how it looks.	review_date"
"Fits nice	 very attractive and sexy.	review_date"
"Just an elastic piece of fabric with holes in it. Nothing special	review_date"
"Looks fantastic on my wife. Couldn't be happier!	review_date"
"I have to say	 I was a little skeptical when buying this but it fits me perfect. Love it!	review_date"
"It is okay	 but probably not that enticing. One needs a perfect figure to wear this	review_date"
"Super comfy and sexy.	review_date"
"Not bad little smail	review_date"
"Wife loves it	review_date"
"Love this. So fun and feel even with my curves so sexy in this.	review_date"
"For a cheap little dress it looks amazing.	review_date"
This is a very fun dress! It shows of your body in just the right ways. A matching thong and you are ready for fun 
"Very sexy	 stretches great	 looks ravishing on the girlfriend! She's happy with it	 I'm VERY happy with it! "
"It鈥檚 small but super stretchy so it fits good	review_date"
"Ooh La La!  Me likey!	review_date"
"I LOVE when \one size fits all\"" actually fits! I'm 5'6\"" 220 lbs	 and it fit easily""	review_date"
"It's made of a thick sturdy material	 and it doesn't roll up as much as I thought it would. I will probably buy more of these.	review_date"
"Somewhat small. But really stretchy. A good buy to say the least.	review_date"
"Hellz yes. I love this one. Fit well	 and got the juices flowing. She said she felt sexy as hell.	review_date"
"Yuck! Not a bad concept for something sexy but material seems flimsy like panyhose/stocking...easily torn	review_date"
"Very hot and fits a small body well.  It has a lot of give so it would be fine for larger body types.	review_date"
"Boyfriend loves how it fits and where the might be placed. I'm 5''7 and about 180lbs to give you an idea	review_date"
"I ordered this only after reading the reviews. I am very satisfied with this. My bf works on am oil rig so when he gets home I'll have a surprise for him .. also this is a very stretchy  material I am a thick woman and this fits great.  Though when u pull it from  the. Package you  will laugh and  think there's no way.  I suggest you put it on like u do pantie hose.	review_date"
"Fits great! Exceptionally comfortable actually - for being a big stretchy tube with holes in it	 it's quite nice.	review_date"
"Fits great	 very stretchy	 very exiting... Wife loves it.	review_date"
"might as well have been a sock.  if you're a size 0-2 it might fit though	review_date"
"love it but i pops out of place at times.	review_date"
"Great product what do small	review_date"
"Comfortable fit. Careful when washing...it shrinks!	review_date"
"I'm a size 16 and it fits big. It's very stretchy and doesn't sit well on my lower back. There is a huge gap from my back to the material.	review_date"
"Never stays on long so mission accomplished!  My wife is a big girl and she can squeeze in just fine.	review_date"
"very sexy	 but does not hold breasts the same as in the picture. lol.	review_date"
"I just keep buying them and giving as gifts	review_date"
"Wow	review_date"
"I'm a big girl and this fit me.	review_date"
"Super hot! The holes are pretty large but isn't that a good thing?!	review_date"
"Love it	 husband loves it on me. I've worn it and washed it a few times and it is still in great condition.	review_date"
"Thumb Up	review_date"
"Wife looked hot	 she just couldn't seem to keep it on!	review_date"
"After I tried it on I threw it out.	review_date"
"Fits just right	 nice addition to our collection.	review_date"
"I opened the package and thought this dress was only going to fit a doll baby.  It stretches	 its soft	 and a must have in your collection!! I'm a BBW and it fits me fine!	review_date"
"Just got this in the mail. It came sooner than expected. I tried it on and i love it!! I will be ordering one in purple next. Its very sexy and shows all my curves.	review_date"
"Lots of fun to wear! Good quality	 great customer service.	review_date"
"Looks very awesome on the lady ! Thanks!	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"I love it	 she loves it	 we love it	review_date"
"Yes buy!!!Husband loved it 馃挄I'm size 16 thick and makes me feel sexy...	review_date"
"Fits nice.. sexy and easy to get to her body parts.	review_date"
"It's what it says	 what I wanted. Very stretchy. I wear a size 16 and this fit fine	review_date"
"great material	review_date"
"I bought this in Purple for my girlfriend. Taking it out the package	 it seemed weird but when she put it one it was Spectacular and Hot! I definitely enjoyed it.	review_date"
"My husband loved the way it fit on me. It was very comfortable.	review_date"
"I liked the outfit but came in wrong color.wheich was disappoinment happened cause i had a special date and wanted 		to match just right instead i had to go with somethingppg else	review_date"
"I'm a bigger girl and I was pleased with how this fits any body type. I panicked a bit when I opened it as it does look super small but stretches easily to any size.	review_date"
"This is a simple item but adds quite a spark. It was worth every penny	"
"Love this my boyfriend loved it too. Get you one!	review_date"
"Great item well made just st wish it were longer so that for bbw's it didn't fit like a tube top.	review_date"
"This will fit just about anybody my husband loves it. One of my favorites	review_date"
"Wife and i enjoyed it very much.	review_date"
"Fits great	 super stretchy	 but the material tends to roll up while you're wearing it.	review_date"
"Wife looks amazing in it	review_date"
"a lot smalller than they said	 sizing chart is way off	review_date"
"Not worth to buy.	review_date"
"I bought this to have a naughty night with the hubby. He loved it on me. It's sexy and it's comfortable.	review_date"
"Very sexy outfit	review_date"
"Very hot. Wife loves it.	review_date"
"Husband Loves It !	review_date"
"Girlfriend couldn't have looked sexier to me...	review_date"
"My husband loves this. Looks good on any body type.	review_date"
"Looks awesome on... at first didn't think it would fit because it is so small but it  stretches	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexy need i say any more	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Looks nice	 shows off the curves while leaving space for imagination.	review_date"
"EVERYTHING IS AWESOME	review_date"
"I now have it in 3 colors.  Easy on and easy off.	review_date"
"She likes the look! So do I!	review_date"
"Looks funny coming out of package	 but stretches and looks great on!	review_date"
"looks great	review_date"
"This is so sexy	  I love it	 it is black light reactive as well	 an my man LOVES IT TOO!	review_date"
"Sexy	 great for the larger breasted woman in your life	 be wary of piercings though	 the rubber clings.	review_date"
"Snags easy. Cute but won't be purchasing again. Especially for the price	review_date"
"Sexy looks and perfect stretchy fit. On her. Not on me. Hmm...	review_date"
"Just as expected. Color true to picture	 stretches to fit.	review_date"
"I'm REALLY looking forward to trying this on. It is just as expected.	review_date"
"Awesome!!!	review_date"
"Wow very sexy! The wife looks amazing in it!	review_date"
"I am size 12 and it fit me just right.  My husband likes it.	review_date"
"I didn't like the way it fit at all.	review_date"
"So flattering on EVERYONE!!!	review_date"
"Super sexy dress and especially cause I'm on the thicker side it defineteley hide my flaws.  Just added a pair of RED stilettos and I was good to go! I'm 175 and size 14.	review_date"
"Just as described	review_date"
"it went right on looks good	review_date"
"Fit great 	 worth the money	review_date"
"You'll loveThe way she looks lots of fun enjoy	review_date"
"Does not look like the photo when it's on. I'm 5'9\ 139 pounds.""	review_date"
"what a fun play dress. it fits great	 soft stretchy actually warm.	review_date"
"Oh my word!! This is awesome and my hubby loved it!  I'm a bigger girl	 180 and DD	 and it was perfect!!  I felt sooo sexy in it!!  So happy with this purchase!!!	review_date"
"Looks great on the lady it was purchased for! She was quite pleased with this gift.	review_date"
"Looks good on my wife.	review_date"
"Bought for my wife (really for me though if you know what I mean) and she looks GREAT in it.	review_date"
"Awesome.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and 160 pounds and I鈥檓 curvy/ chunky. I love how this fit and my husband absolutely loved the way it looked.	review_date"
"Fits my petite wife great.  Super sexy and is non itchy.  Worked like a charm.  Highly recommend.	review_date"
"Easy to slip on and take off. It does ride up once on and doesn't last more than a few uses.	review_date"
"Super Super hot	 great for the women that have great curves or a little extra cushion. Mrs. says super comfy	 made her feel like a sex kitten.	review_date"
"love it!	review_date"
"2 thumbs up.	review_date"
"It is alright. Yeah	 i mean	 its sexy but....i was expecting the fabric to be different...more spandexy i guess. But its okay.	review_date"
"not good	review_date"
"LOVE how it looks and fits her. It accentuates the positive while minimizing the negative.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Very stretchy and elastic...sexy too.	review_date"
"This was adorable!!!  Looked hot!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"fits as expected. Fun for parties. Kinda cheap	review_date"
"Not good my wife fight with me piece crabs	review_date"
"Great value! Love the color too.	review_date"
"Get it! You'll enjoy it!	review_date"
"It would look nice but too small!	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife. She loves it. Really fits quite well. She is an hourglass figure also. Around a 12...this thing looks great on her	review_date"
"Very hot	 very naughty	review_date"
"Im very satisfied!	review_date"
"Great for the bedroom	review_date"
"Love it!!! If you're wondering if it will fit you	 it probably will. I would say anyone size 18 or larger might have a little trouble. I am a size 6 and it fits perfect	 but could definitely stretch to a 16 with no problem.	review_date"
"Very tiny and very low quality	review_date"
"CHEAP  junk and can't return it ! looks like the top is fitted for your boobs .. NOT TRUE its all the same DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY	review_date"
"Covers up a little too much for some occasions	 seems to do the job though	review_date"
"Cheap enough to rip off	review_date"
"Nice for the price!!	review_date"
"Nice looking	review_date"
"Could not have chosen a better outfit for my girl!! Excellent fit. Great quality! I would definitely buy it again. My wife loves it!!	review_date"
"Amazing.... Great stretch....	review_date"
"Love it! Wife is SO smokin' hot in it.	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"It does roll up...but very stretchy...	review_date"
"It is as depicted	 very sexy	 loved it.	review_date"
"It arrived with a rip and a hole. I tried it on anyway. I'm 5'3 and 120lb. It looked ridiculous. Got a refund though	 no problem.	review_date"
"We have bought other mesh hole dresses from other vendors	 this one is terrible	 cheaply made. i would not buy from this vendor again. and there is a no return policy	 which is BS.	review_date"
"perfect for pre-activities	review_date"
"Ok	 kinda cheap but good price for lingerie	review_date"
"It look small but hard to get into at first but it鈥檚 amazing comfortable and soft makes me feel sexy	review_date"
"Wife likes it	 I love to see her in it.	review_date"
"Not made for large breasted women.	review_date"
"My new favorite hot tub out fit. Fits perfect. I'm 5/10 145 lbs	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it! Thanks	review_date"
"She loves it.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves this on me! The material is above my expectations and would definitely order another. Some advice when putting it on. Gather it up like u would with stocking and roll it down.	review_date"
"Very sexy!	review_date"
"I love it and so does my BF.	review_date"
"Perfect fit! Very stretchy material	review_date"
"kind of sexy	 but it is so cheap looking	review_date"
"I love it. So did my boyfriend!	review_date"
"Poor quality... returning immediately	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"As expected super stretch and looks good ... 馃槉	review_date"
"We've used this 3 times in 3 days...need I say more? This is a great addition to the 'grown up toy chest' .	review_date"
"Met all expectations size was great so was the color	review_date"
"Wife and I love it.	review_date"
"Very sexy on the wife!	review_date"
"my girl looks great in this	 enough said	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Turns out I'm just fat to begin with. It's as expected. If you're a bigger girl like I am you won't like it.	review_date"
"Great Value!	review_date"
While it was on.... it looked amazing on her. 
"Good	review_date"
"It could be a little bigger	review_date"
"Its great. Will buy from fasi cat again馃憤	review_date"
"Arrived quickly and fit/quality are what I expected.	review_date"
"Great piece!	review_date"
"Very stretchable to fit most everyone.	review_date"
"(The Wife) Accentuates your body in all the right ways!	review_date"
"The wife loves to wear this a lot	review_date"
"Love the way it fits on my curves...very sexy	review_date"
"blah.	review_date"
"sexy and material soft. as expected. great price	review_date"
"Rolls up and down in action but still cute as presentation	review_date"
"Looks good she loved it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"so sexy  i love it	review_date"
"the item shredded after first wash and they refuse to replace it or have me return it. I dont want the item!!	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"I'TS REALLY SEXY	review_date"
"fine	review_date"
"Thx	review_date"
"Amazing. Love the look. Fits perfectly and it's super sexy. Great buy couldn't be happier	review_date"
"she loved it and looked amazing in it	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Not just too small. It was barely a scrap of cloth with some holes that won't stretch. Even if you get it on	 it will look nothing like the picture	review_date"
"Nice to spice up a night :)	review_date"
wife looks so hot in it 
"It presents a lot of possibilities	review_date"
"Perfect fit and she looked sexy as hell!!	review_date"
"This is made really cheap.  Mine came with a rip down the entire side and or course I cant return it.  It was a waste of money.	review_date"
":)	review_date"
"Fits like a glove and it stretches too	review_date"
"Absolutely love it 馃槉馃槝	review_date"
"Fits good but will not last long with the material it's made of. You get what you play for	 nothing more.	review_date"
"My husband and I Loved the outfit..	review_date"
"Looks great! She feels so sexy and I like it a lot!	review_date"
"Very nice on the wife	review_date"
"Nice tube shaped sexy lingerie.	review_date"
"FItted perfectly on my wife. At first she was skeptical but man she looks 馃槏馃槏馃槏 def recommend	review_date"
"Simple and inexpensive - arrived on time	review_date"
"wife looked sexy as hell in this	review_date"
"hot!	review_date"
"Terrible	review_date"
"Yum	review_date"
"Good quality! very sexy	review_date"
"Fit her perfect	 had a great time!!!	review_date"
"my wife looks KILLER in this!  It's real soft	 comfy and sexy. Great bedroom gear. LOVE it. Will buy the other colors as well.	review_date"
"Just a fun thing to surprise the hubs with. He loved it!!	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"fit was perfect!	review_date"
"Wayyyy to small. Could fit a doll. Does stretch but runs really small.	review_date"
"Fun but very cheap	review_date"
"very nice fit	 exciting.	review_date"
"Way too small	review_date"
"I loved how sexy it looked on my wife	review_date"
"Wife looks so hoy wearing this. LOVE it	review_date"
"LADIES THIS THE BEST	 SUPER SEXY AND CUTE	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"I wanted something sexy to wear to bed to surprise my husband. I wore this on our weekend get-a-way and he loved it!!! Because I have big thighs	 I put both of my arms through the material to stretch it out a little. Then	 I put it on and it fit perfectly. It is very comfortable and did not feel like I was wearing anything. Thanks for the great product! I will definitely order more outfits.	review_date"
"This is so cheaply made. I hate it	review_date"
"Was a great buy!	review_date"
"It's exactly what it looks like	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Super sexy. A MUST buy for the price. You'll love it.	review_date"
"I love it!!! He loves it!!! Say yes. Put it in your cart! Now.	review_date"
"Fabric is cheap looks nothing like the picture	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Tight but not overly tight. Comfortable	 fabric is like panty hose	 delicate but very sexy once you get into it.	review_date"
"I'm a big girl. This has plenty of stretch for both my breasts and butt. Comfy material.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Wearable while..... Easy for her to slip on and off	review_date"
"Fits great	 even over my pregnant belly.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 comfortable	 affordable... What else do you need!	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"I loved this. Great price!	review_date"
"Looks HOT on my wife	review_date"
"Love them lol Lots of fun	review_date"
"little tight	review_date"
"My wife is a 2x an it fits her soooo great!!!!	review_date"
"Love love it	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"Very  sexy. Kinda rolls up while wearing but it gets the job of being sexy done. Will buy again in other colors.	review_date"
"yes!	review_date"
"Nice and strechey	review_date"
"I have to give it 5 stars. My girlfriend gave it 5 stars. My wife gave it 1 star.	review_date"
"flattering	review_date"
"Shipping was faster than advertised and product just as described. Perfect!	review_date"
"I like it	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"Super stretchy. Truly one size fits all. I have a very large bust and was shocked it fit. Nothing ever fits me so this is my only option.	review_date"
"Nice product!	review_date"
"The item I received looks nothing like this picture.	review_date"
"would fit a lot of body sizes	review_date"
"Perfect!	review_date"
"Looks so sexy.  Makes you feel special	review_date"
"Wish it had straps but fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Sexy!!!	review_date"
"Its a hot peace but for a bigger woman its alil bit tight maybe it needs to be alil thicker an strencher but tbh its all good if you lik it i say go on an grab it its worth the money	review_date"
"WOW. Hot wife.	review_date"
Had a lot of fun with this one 
"How sexy is this little thing!! I'm a thick thighs woman with curves.. fits perfectly	 in all the right places!!	review_date"
"Love love love it. I be getting more for my collection. I recieved on time.	review_date"
"My husband and I LOVE	 love	 love this!! It's so simply sexy	 fits like a glove and is soft. I have it in many colors.	review_date"
"HOT!	review_date"
"HOT!	review_date"
"It is the favorite by my husband	review_date"
"Looks great even though you could make this with jersey material and sissors .	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife 	 and it did not fit at all .  Way to small.  Waste of money	review_date"
"Hottt. We both love it.	review_date"
"My husband surprised me with this item.  I am a curvy girl	 size 14 and it fit great.  I was comfortable and felt sexy.	review_date"
"Better quality than I expected but not really a one size fits all product.	review_date"
"I'm a curvy girl	 this fit just fine.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"I love this one....so much stretch in the dress no matter your size....you can have fun in it	review_date"
"Work good for what I'm using it for.	review_date"
"Hot. But it likes to roll.Fabric is similar to thick nylons.	review_date"
"Fits great and my husband loves it. I feel super sexy in it too :)	review_date"
"fits great	 can be short of long depending on if you want a modern \slutty\"" look or knee-length vintage pencil skirt look""	review_date"
"Stretches to fit them goes back. Great.	review_date"
"Fun addition to the nightstand.	review_date"
"SEXY - STRETCHES TO FIT AND CONFORM TO EVERY CURVE.	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"Not too good fabric. But for the price it's doable.	review_date"
"A little small on my girlfriend	 but that wasnt a problem.	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Nice lil #	review_date"
"Love it	 fit as expected	review_date"
"I'm a size 18. Ordered a 2x. It's pretty stretchy and fit great!	review_date"
"Comfortable. Fits as exexpected.	review_date"
"Exactly what I was looking for! Trashy	 colorful	 sexy and fun. It's perfect. I ordered the blue and it is beautiful. May order another one in black :-)	review_date"
"This is a no return item and it will fit someone who is probably a size 4 max.	review_date"
"Was as expected	review_date"
"flimsy but hot stuff	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"This is a very beautiful and sexy body suit. It fit just as expected and I would recommend this to everyone and anyone. It will look good on any body type I promise.	review_date"
"Nice one	review_date"
"Looks very nice and sexy on my wife	review_date"
"I thought it was too small but my boyfriend did not. I guess it's more for him anyways lol	review_date"
"Super sexy!!!!	review_date"
"This is totally sexy. The holes are conveniently placed \u0026 can easily be stretched. This is a nylon material. Not club wear. There's really only one activity that works for this article. If you don't know what I'm referring to please hand the phone back to your parent immediately. It's actually a very fun addition to the bedroom	 kind of fun \u0026 not too too naughty. It's also pretty comfy unlike most stuff that's supposed to be sexy. I mean the holes could be awkward I suppose	 especially if it's cold. But they're not. They're just kinda cool!	review_date"
"Too small - not one size fit all	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I never got the lingerie instead I got to cheap lipsticks.	review_date"
"Fit is sexy...	review_date"
"Item was not fishnet	 but lace. Not strapless but halter.	review_date"
"Very cute! Fits great and I wear 2x. Very stretchy material.	review_date"
"Looks good on my girlfriend	review_date"
"We had been looking at other websites	 when I decided to try out amazon. Shipped when arrived and fit my girl quite well! She's 5' 4\ and 170lbs. So don't fear curvy girls!""	review_date"
"It would certainly look better on me if I didn't have a pot belly. Other than that it fits great.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Awesome look!! Fits perfectly!!	review_date"
"Worked well	review_date"
"Love it on my wife.	review_date"
"My wife looks GREAT in outfit	review_date"
"so sexy	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"My husband looooooves this. Can't wait for my other color to arrive!	review_date"
"Looks great on the lady	review_date"
"very cute on	review_date"
"Looks great	 feels great	review_date"
"Great product	review_date"
"Removes easily	review_date"
"Very stretchable and sexy	review_date"
"Upon opening it I though I am not going to fit this item. The material is very stretchy and it looked amazing in me. My husband really enjoyed this outfit.	review_date"
"It's really soft and stretchy. The top and bottom tend to roll up though. I dont know how the woman in the picture is keeping it on.	review_date"
"Wow was this hot	review_date"
"I love he loves perfect all around	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"terrible design - no place for the tat-tas	review_date"
"very sexy :o)	review_date"
"Comfy and stretchy.  Bright color!	review_date"
"Great fit and comfortable	review_date"
"It was a gift.	review_date"
"Fits nice. Not as vibrant as i thought color was the best choice. Maybe black next time.	review_date"
"Love it! I'm 5'7 150lbs and it fit great!	review_date"
"very cheaply made	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife	 she loves is	review_date"
"Fit fine and is very sexy	review_date"
"delicious	review_date"
"This is one hot number... and he loves it!	review_date"
"looks great  and it fit's my lady beautifully	review_date"
"My new favorite.  I just LOVE this little gem.	review_date"
"it fit beautiful was extreamily sexy and fit real nice a very good purchase would buy it again	review_date"
"Very sexy and flattering piece of lingerie. This is good value for money.	review_date"
"鉂も潳鉂?just buy it lol	review_date"
"It is what it is. Cheap and stretchy. Looks great on my partner.	review_date"
"SEXY....!!!...and fit her Highness just right....!!!	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"Fit was perfect	 my wife is 5'4\ 165lbs.Very sexy! Will buy more!""	review_date"
"I pulled this out of the bag and was like no way! This is not going to fit but was great! Comfy	 very stretchable.	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"It was amazing.  Changed my life thank you guys.  Everytime I see it on my girlfriend I start referring to her as my wife because I want that everyday. April's Man	review_date"
"Love it!! I wear a 20/2x or 3x I'm top heavy 300pounds and can fit it. #bbw	review_date"
"so sexy	 I love it	review_date"
"Very sexy	 my boyfriend loved it	review_date"
"We love it'	review_date"
"The fit	review_date"
"My girlfriend loved this as a surprise.	review_date"
"This is just cool you can go halter	mini skirt or where it as advertised. It's a really neat accessory.	review_date"
"Sweet	looks great	review_date"
"Had already a rip in it	 when taken out of the package	 to late to return !	review_date"
"this is perfect. I'm planning to re-order this. it really does fit all but the only problem is	 it rides up your legs quite often.love the royal blue because it works with my skin tone. i'm 5'1\ 1/2	 130 lbs	 and wear 40DD's. if this sounds like	 it'll definitely work out.""	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"My girlfriend is 5'1 120 and it fits great on her.	review_date"
"Love the way it fits the wife shows off her hot little body perfect.	review_date"
"Easy to get on and fitting	review_date"
"It's good	review_date"
"\Schwing!\""""	review_date"
"Great fun	review_date"
"Will buy products Again in an 2017	review_date"
"Really cute and sexy. Worth it!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Looks Great on my wife!! Thank you	review_date"
Too long to be sexy. If you are around 4' 11\ don't buy this
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Great. Fits everyone. Made him happy.	review_date"
"My husband loves me in this outfit!!!!!!!	review_date"
"Husband loves it and it fits perfect boost self esteem love it	review_date"
"Cheap and flimsy. I expected something a little sturdier. I may as well have cut holes into a pair of nylons.	review_date"
"I Really like it	review_date"
"She likes it!	review_date"
"This dress is perfect and fits whatever your shape. I bought two but gave one to a friend!	review_date"
"Very stretchy even for bigger women	review_date"
"my girlfriend love this...	review_date"
"This is made very cheap ribbed when I put my arm threw	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"It's ok	 however didn't fit as I expected	review_date"
"Fun for us both.	review_date"
"Opened the box	 she slipped it on and the rest is history! You will love it!	review_date"
"Not as expected.	review_date"
"Very kinky	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Although I am uncomfortable in my attempts to be sexy	 my boyfriend LOVED this on me. He was shocked it stretched from about a 1ft long to cover an adult but once on	 he could not stop staring. It fit snugly but in a flattering way. Pretty sure he's going to ask me to buy the other colors as well. This is extremely stretchy and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to be sexy but doesn't want to just bare it all. Only thing I would change is making the top part solid. I ended up wearing a bra with mine as the holes made me a bit self conscious up top.	review_date"
"Love when my Moon wears it for me!	review_date"
"bien	review_date"
"As expected	review_date"
"It fits my gf perfectly. She looks amazing in it!	review_date"
"I got a XXL on this product and it really was not the right size in for fitting to my body. It was extremely tight at the top area.	review_date"
"As advertised the fit was spot on excellent	review_date"
"Very cheaply made and the seller does not accept returns	review_date"
"	review_date"
"Holy cow!	review_date"
"It was exactly as described and expected. Super Sexy	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Not bad	review_date"
"Nice fit.	review_date"
"The product came days before the expected delivery date. Great experience overall!	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Cant wait to see it on my wife for our anniversary weekend.......yummy	review_date"
"Gf looks soooooooo hot in this.	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Daddy loves it!	review_date"
"Excellent.	review_date"
"Very sexy!! Love it!!	review_date"
"My wife loved it and it fits perfect	review_date"
"I can't even begin to describe what happened when I put this product on. Not only is the material not as thick as they show	 you have to make up your mind to either have your nipples shoot out like madona cones or try to hide them with 1/2\ of fabric. All in all this was not something that would be considered sexy as both my s/o and I fell to the floor laughing at how ridiculous I looked in it...I did suggest  he try it on but that didn't fly.""	review_date"
"My husband loooves this!!!	review_date"
"simple and great fits great would any size.  Wonderful product	review_date"
"Yes	 a much more. It fits very well.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"All good but sensitive so be careful.	review_date"
"Its too nice and too sexy	review_date"
"Meow it works	review_date"
"It came earlier than expected and it fits perfectly... I love it!!!!	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"This is definitely not for plus size women. It looked like a gauze with holes.	review_date"
"Nice color like luck like expect.	review_date"
Awesome! So much fun! 
"So	 this arrived way sooner than expected. Ordered 10/8 and received 10/29. I was just clicking around and came across this. I have never ordered anything like this before because I'm not a small girl	 but I was so surprised by the reviews and it wasn't a lot so I gave it a try. Like others have stated	 this is for all body sizes. I'm 5'4	 180 and it looks good. I think all the cutouts are a distraction from any problem area! I'll only be wearing this at home	 but I could see this being worn over a bathing suit as well.	review_date"
"Fit good	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"I love it fit well	review_date"
"The upper part is not as pictures	 it's all the same pattern as the lower part	 overall very cute and sexy	review_date"
"Excellent	 love it	review_date"
"This dress rules...and under $10 shipped? Can't go wrong with that. As the other reviewers have said	 it's essentially a super-stretchy spandex tube dress with tons of holes in it. The fit and stretch is perfect....my girl is a little curvy (size 12-13) and it fits awesome on her. Now	 as you can see in the stock photos...it's all open	 which is super hot	 but you're not going to be able to wear this out to many places. I bought her the hot pink one	 and it looks great over a black PVC bikini. This thing is so perfect for at-home or swing party playtime!	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved it	review_date"
"Loved!	review_date"
"Wife is petite	 but this wasn't long enough.	review_date"
"Loved this and so did my husband馃榿	review_date"
"fits great !!!	review_date"
"Runs a little small but over all is pretty good.	review_date"
"馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"Exactly what I expected!	review_date"
"Precioso	 me encant贸	review_date"
"Fun and sexy	review_date"
"Fast shipping and delivery. Fit how I wanted it to. I really think it would fit anyone well.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Love it	 and the price was great.	review_date"
"Looks good on	review_date"
"True to size	review_date"
"It's fun.	review_date"
"i loved it	review_date"
"Sex life is great ......great buy	review_date"
"Hot sexy	review_date"
"Sure to please your man	review_date"
"Really nice.	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"This thing got good reviews from the BF.  It comes in TINY packaging	 and it looks like a sock	 but TRUST ME	 it stretches A LOT.  I read the reviews and was skeptical	 but went for it.  I am not plus size	 but I am not skinny	 either.  I am quite curvy	 and this compliments my body really well.  Did I mention the bf loved it?	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Both me and the bf loved it	review_date"
"Gorgeous!!!	review_date"
"My wifey had no complaints.. she said it's very comfortable	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Bright when it came. Washed it once and about half the color washed out. Washed it a second time and the rest of it came out. Now it looks so dingy and faded and the material is falling apart after only the second wash	 that it just went in the trash. It was unusable. I have dish rags that have been in use for years and washed with whatever that look better than this thing after it's second wash	 on delicate.	review_date"
"Not crazy with circles on me	 dress fit really good	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Good fit	review_date"
"Beautiful on my wife	review_date"
"Uncomfortable	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"OMG! I bought this for a cover up for the strip club. When i first opened it i thought it was a joke. It is sooo thin..but.....when I put it on I loved it. As someone else said it is rpobably worth 7 cents but ten bucks is cheap.I LOVE the fit.... but scared of how long it will last. I expect to get every color. I wear them with thigh high stocking socksm with thigh high patent leather boots	 and it is the BOMB! lol Will post pictures later. Was just excited when i got it.	review_date"
"Excellent value	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Great look	review_date"
"Amazing!	review_date"
"Love this!!	review_date"
"for the price it is fantastic!	review_date"
"Fix way better then expected	review_date"
"This product is great. It fits tightly but doesn't compress or feel constricting	 feels light as a feather	 and very soft. It doesn't cover nips as much as I'd like though	 not like the picture. From the picture it looks like it wouldn't fit more than a 135 lb girl but I think itll fit nearly any size because it fit mine with ease (DD and ... well 250 lbs). It is very comfortable. I really recommend this mesh dress.	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"Magnificent	review_date"
"Fits well and looks good	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"I wanted my wife to dress up like a turbo slut. she put this on... and IT was ON. doesn't matter if she's busty or not	 it fits like it should.	review_date"
"This was a great buy for a great price. I was skeptical on the one size fits all (I'm 5'10\	 200+lbs	 and quite curvy)	 but it fit great. Due to the stretchy material you can make the holes bigger or smaller in parts that you'd like depending on how you put it on	 there really is a lot of material to work with. I bought this for a stage number and half expected it to be a one time use outfit due to the price. So far it has lasted through a lot of movement and isn't falling apart.""	review_date"
"鉂わ笍	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"When you take this out of the package you think no way will this fit a plus size woman. But it does	 it stretches to your body size.  The best way to put it on though is to start from the top and roll it down your body. It is like a tube dress.  I bought this n purple and now in blue.  I am 5 feet tall and a little over 200 pounds.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this product.  It stretches to fit just about any size and the material is very soft. You can adjust the holes which work great.  My husband loves the feel of it too.  I wear a 16-18 and it fits fine.  I believe that a larger or smaller person will also have no problem wearing it since it stretches so well.  I would buy it in another color.	review_date"
"I'm 5'8 and this fits very well. This fits very well over me. Not one part gets over stretched. I'm of average size 5-7. Shipped so fast I couldn't believe it.Husband loves it!	review_date"
"Garbage.  WAAAAAY too \stretchy.\""  Put it on for about 5 minutes and took it off because I hated it.  Went to try it on again and it had totally lost it's shape.Please save your money - the quality of this \""dress\"" is so low	 I wouldn't even consider buying at more than $.99.""	review_date"
"Received product on time. For the price	 dress is worth it! Just a few improvements would be nice.Holes are a bit awkward	 quality could be better! I definitely recommend finding some sort of a bra to wear underneath.I am about 5'7\	 150lbs... The length is good. The fabric though doesn't really flatter the body though	 not skin tight.Wouldn't recommend unless you're looking for a quick	 cheap last minute thing...""	review_date"
"Love love love. I was a little worried about the fit when I opened it because it looked a little small and I鈥檓 a size 14 but this fit perfectly snug in all the right places. My husband was an even bigger fan. I would recommended adding it to your wardrobe for those special evenings.	review_date"
"we've been try'n new things 	  Twister is one of them.  he color coded the circles (eleminating some) and created a game we play called	 twiated.  use the same color wheel as twister	and create your oun rules \u0026 regs.	review_date"
"I was skeptical about this but my husband wanted me to order and when I got it I couldn't stop laughing because it was a tube but after putting it on and him seeing me in it ... we'll worth it and more . I feel sexy in it and I'm a bigger girl so that's hard sometimes.	review_date"
"I'm pretty curvy and wear average size 14 in clothes and this fits great material is very thin. It appears small upon opening however once you put it on the fit is great my husband loves it currently have the black and the royal blue ones thinking about ordering more colors.	review_date"
"very good buy I love these? Why? They are just what I wanted. The colors are similar to the pictures (at least on my monitor) and the price was really good. Very nice and speedy delivery.  I think i'll be buying another one	review_date"
"Arrived fast \u0026 nicely packaged. My husbands response was just what I was looking for Lol. Just as pictured only problem I had was wishing it was thicker. It's a thick pantyhose type material. I do love it tho \u0026 price is fantastic.	review_date"
"Let's just say this was a hit. Fit was good which is not always the case. Most things run small for me. It has definitely served its purpose. Thumbs up from the hubby	 and I like it too!	review_date"
"I have a short torso so it was a little longer then expected	  but it's extremely comfortable and definitely makes you feel sexy. I bought a purple as well. Love them!!	review_date"
"This dress fits very well and does have a lot of stretch like the previous reviews. The color is very nice too. I am a 16 in pants and this could easily fit someone larger	 however	 the wholes would probably be bigger	 but I don't see that being a problem.	review_date"
"Very stretchy	 very awesome	 just be fcautious if you happen to have nipple rings	 they can easily get caught	 and it freaking hurts if you pull and don't realize it.	review_date"
"This is my husband's least favorite lingerie piece I have. It very very stretchy and I think would fit any size BUT For the cost it looks real cheap.	review_date"
"I'm a chunkier girl now days (thanks menopause!) and was worried this would be like stuffing sausage into a balloon	 but to my surprise	 the fabric is super soft and stretchy (thank gawd!).  I haven't put it on for my hubby yet	 but won't be embarrassed to do so now as it also hides bumps and bulges.  The softness also ensure that when I take it off I won't spew around the room like when you let the air out of balloon!  :D	review_date"
"Review is fascist mesh tube dress with the holes look in white.  I was very disappointed that this dress did not have the form fitting seams around the breasts as shown in the pictures.  It is just like a number of cheaper basic tubes with no definition as to which side or end goes over the chest.  Having the different fit at the top was why I purchased this particular item from this particular seller.	review_date"
"...why didn't I buy this before?!?  Very flattering--even more so than one might expect.  She loves it.	review_date"
"It's just a nylon tube dress.  Would really be one size fits most as it has A LOT of stretch to it.  It's decently made and got a positive reaction when I wore it.	review_date"
"Description isn't accurate on how it will fit.  It doesn't fit.  It's ridiculously tiny for a 1X.  More realistically should be called a small medium size.  Attempting to contact the seller was a futile exercise.  It was suggested I gift the item to a friend.  Right.  Giving random people lingerie is a habit I'm not taking up.  I think that's what they suggested.  Using a language translator that doesn't really work left me a bit confused as to what they were trying to say.  Horrible experience.  Will NOT order from them again.  Ever.	review_date"
"Awsome Sleezy Outfit! Fits perfect and feels great! Cant wait to show it off to Hubby!	review_date"
"Loved the way it looked on me. Very sexy and flirty. The material stretched so literally anyone can fit in it	review_date"
"This looks amazing on my Wife. She loves the way it fits her	 and frankly...so do I. This is a fun	 affordable little outfit.	review_date"
"It's nothing like the pic. Looks like a kid made it!. Not worth it.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife and ...yes!!! Best gift card I ever spent!	review_date"
"Didnt fit as expected	 not as tight as she wanted it to be.	review_date"
"I already own one and it's my mans favorite outfit. You can't beat the price when your man is happy too. Will continue to order until he finds a new love.	review_date"
"Cheap material was expected. Holes in the material however are so large that it just looks awkward.	review_date"
"Fasicat hasn't disappointed yet! This is super sexy.	review_date"
"Was a little skeptical about the one size but it fit perfect!	review_date"
"Too cheap.	review_date"
"Very sexy item. My lady loves it very much!!!	review_date"
"good...	review_date"
"Very cheap \body sock\"". Looks better in picture. Holes precariously placed.""	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and didn't tear before	 after or during lol	review_date"
"Husband loved it	review_date"
"It didn't fit like I anticipated it would fit!!! It fit tiggt!!	review_date"
"Too small. This item doesn't look anything like the pic. It is made of pantyhose type material. It is quite stretchy	 but gets more sheer the more u stretchy it. But for the price what more could i expect.	review_date"
"My wife loved it and so did i....hugs EVERY curve.	review_date"
"Great for whatever	review_date"
"I was skeptical bc of my body of course but I really liked how it looked when I put it on!!	review_date"
"It is very poor quality!!!!	review_date"
"Fit perfect not for me was a gift	review_date"
"Wife really likes it.	review_date"
"Nice outfit... fits as expected . Made out of stocking material and I'm not expecting too many wears but will serve its purpose. Will probably order a back up.	review_date"
"Too small could not even fit on my arm! Vendor would not refund!!	review_date"
"This dress has a great fit and surprisingly very flattering!! It's done the job!!	review_date"
"1	review_date"
"not really one size fits all it tore a bit	review_date"
"Really cheap material. Will rip Very easily if you aren't careful when putting it on \u0026/or taking it off.	review_date"
"Fits  well	 I never knew I could  wear  any thing like this	 I  am  size 14 and it fits  well. Love it.	review_date"
"My girlfriend loved it as it showed off parts of her that are usually covered by other lingerie.	review_date"
"Literally is fabric sewn together from two peices of netted material. It is not an outfit at all just some kind of material like bubble wrap you step into and pull up over your body like a stocking. Say hello to problem areas put on blast. Wish it was sexier and not so flimsy.	review_date"
"Ipurchased this for my wife and was surprised that it fit her so goodI purchased this for my wife and was surprised that it fit her perfect.  My wife is 5'5 and DD. It may look small when you receive it but it expands to fit comfortablel. I purchased three and will buy more.	review_date"
"The one I received looks totally different than what is shown in the picture	review_date"
"Ok my wife is 5-4 220lbs 42DD wears a 16/18 dress size this was literally transparent on her chest .....at that point why have any thing on at all ......I may get this out of the trash just so I can tear it off of her in some kind of primal rage...thing.....any way.  It was basically a waste of money	review_date"
"I love it. Fabric is super comfy and it looks amazing on me.	review_date"
"Just as described!	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"I bought this for my Wife who is 5' 2\ with F cups and she looks great in it! fits just right.""	review_date"
"OK ladies I am 5 foot at 230 pounds or 152.5 cm at 104.5 kgI am very large	 from what I just said. I am also more on heavy on the belly down as well.When putting this on understand your nipples will pop out	 photo shop in this photo is why her nipples do not show on the skinny model girl.FOR ALL SKINNY GIRLS BUY IT AND YOU WILL LOVE IT.I will have to say for THE HEAVY LADIES	 if you are over 250 pounds I am going to say you are hitting the SOMEWHAT SMALL point or TOO SMALL.now since i am bigger of course it is going to not be black it will be more see through black than solid black.I make sure the seems where on my sides	 rolled it up then places on my upper chest above the boobs ladies	 then I just rolled down. DO NOT TRY PUTTING THIS ONE LIKE SHIRT OR DRESS DOESNT WORK	 do the roll down and roll up to put on and to remove.	review_date"
"Chase Momma round the house!	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Used for models doing glamour live modeling and bartending as well as for glamour photoshoots.  These dresses look great on someone of more or less average proportions up to a Barbie style figure.  They will not look at glamourous on those who are overweight or if their figure is not well balanced.	review_date"
"it was perfect	 she loved it and of course she looks great in it	review_date"
"Looked super small when it arrived	 but it is very stretchy. I love the way it eels when worn	 and it is very breathable. I got this last night and done put it to use. It is a one size fits all up to a 3X which i am about a L or an XL and it fit great. It will turn your man or woman on in a heart beat it did mine. Very beautiful and intimate.I purchased this product at a discounted price for product testing and a genuine and impartial review. All opinions expressed are entirely my own based on my personal experience with this product. I would never give anything five stars that doesn't deserve all five stars. If anyone has any questions about this product I would be happy to answer them.[...]	review_date"
"Received wrong item. Very disappointed	review_date"
"My husband ordered this to surprise me with and when i first opened it up i wasnt really Sure what it was and when he told me it was for me to wear i was Really scared. I thought He was gonna be disappointed cause it wouldn鈥檛 fit. I tried It on and it fit beautifully and it is so comfortable. I am Not a small woman by any means so trying to find sexy things to wear is very difficult but i love this and it is so comfortable. I wear It around the house and my hubby loves to see me in it.	review_date"
"Purchased for my wife	 looks as good on her as it does on the model in the pictures!! I love it on her!!!	review_date"
"This mesh dress looks fantastic on my wife! The only flaw is the nylon material	 very fragile and easily subjected to snags. Still	 this is expected for the price. Just be careful with it and watch out when wearing your rings	 ladies.	review_date"
"Fits me so great! I thought it might be weird looking but its actually pretty sexy and cant wait to show my boyfriend me in it. If you're a heavier person	 this may not work because it would be too tight. It is very form fitting even on me (5ft4in and 100lbs)	review_date"
"Ordered this and did not receive anything like the pic. It had straps and a lacy fabric	 not the holes. Sent back immediately. It was no ware as sex as this one is.	review_date"
"I'm a chubby gal and this fits PERFECTLY.  It hides the parts I don't necessarily want on display and my honey loved it on me. Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very stretchy	  thin but its very strong	 its very sexy. I recommend it.	review_date"
"Fit was awkward.  My lady hated it.  And I could not return it.  Was a good experiment	 but only take it if you don't mind not being able to return it.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy outfit! My guy loved it! Easy to get on	 and easier to take off!	review_date"
"Bought this as a gift for my girl and we both enjoyed it.	review_date"
"Looks very disgusting	 looks like someone cut it up with scissors	review_date"
"This is just ok productAt that price expected more qualityFit and color are good and as expected	review_date"
"I had some concerns while looking through some of the reviews but this product is great. It fits exactly how is pictured. It looks like a sock with holes in it before it is put on but then it stretches out and can be used time and time again.Not to mention it looked great on my girlfriend she said it was very comfortable and it seemed to make her more confident.I would recommend buying. Don't expect the must durable materials in the world but hey it's ten bucks and better than expected.	review_date"
"Love it!! And so is my boyfriend.	review_date"
"The wife thought no way when she saw it but it quickly became a favorite as she says it is as comfortable as it is sexy.	review_date"
"Looked great on her! It stretches to fit curves. Only reason I dropped it to a 4 was length. If you or your lady is short	 this will be a little long	 just above the knee or even below.	review_date"
"its so cute on my wife	review_date"
"Perfect	 she loves it	 so do I :~)	review_date"
"Husband loves it	review_date"
"Sets the mood perfectly my wife loves it and as do I she was very excited it fit perfectly as well.	review_date"
"Oooooou..  Great fit soft fabric	 comfortable. My husband appreciate it of course!	review_date"
"My elooks stunning in this	review_date"
"Works GREAT 馃馃徎	review_date"
"Item arrived as advertised. Perfect to be worn multiple ways.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"Need to return for being to small	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 usually a 1X	 size 14/16	 and I ordered a 3X expecting this to run small. It runs pretty true to size. I definitely could have gone down one size. So I recommend either ordering your size or one size up. My main complaint is that the torso on this suit is super long and there is absolutely not enough room for the bust. Another reason I bought the 3X was to make sure that my breast would fit in okay	 but the top half was not even close to big enough. It鈥檚 great if you鈥檙e smaller chested	 otherwise	 there鈥檚 no hope for someone with a bigger chest.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?	 38B	 waist 32 inches (above belly button)	 and hips 38 inches. I ordered a size large and it fit perfectly. The material is nice quality	 the mesh isn鈥檛 too flimsy	 the hook in the back keeps it in place. The satiny material around the waist is stretchy. Very pretty piece	 the burgundy color is lovely.	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits perfect. I鈥檓 5鈥? and slim thick. 150lbs and a size Medium was perfect as the material stretches a little. Color is as pictured and very pretty in person. I will definitely buy another color.	review_date"
"I wore a bralette under and leggings with it to bartend and loved it! It was comfortable and just as beautiful as pictured! Only thing is I鈥檓 usually a small	 but I ordered a medium and it was a bit loose but as I ordered up.	review_date"
"My husband absolutely loved it. I love the fit	 the material	 the color	 the price. Everything. Just ordered a new color. I am 176lb and 5'5 curvy bottom and smaller on bust. I ordered an XL and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Honestly really love this product! It looks as pictured. It's really comfy and sexy! I'm 5'4 135lbs and the small fit perfect!	review_date"
"This was absolutely beautiful in person! It fit perfectly and feel amazing in it! Highly recommend it!	review_date"
"I will just start with the only complaint I have	 which is there is no lining on the panty part....It is just lace.But for the price and other positive comments I would still recommend.Color is expected	 it has a slight stretch to it.While it is still fishnet and lace 	 the material seems to be well made.I ordered an XL. 5鈥?鈥?165lbs and 鈥渂lessed鈥?in the bottom area	 not so much the top.If you happen to be buster I would be a little cautious since it is a triangle top but since it鈥檚 for the bedroom I鈥檓 sure it would work.Good buy	 would recommend and fast shipments.	review_date"
"This body suit is really stretchy so it fits really well	 even the band that you tie in the back is stretchy. It鈥檚 a little darker than the pic it鈥檚 more of a brilliant magenta color	 I still love it tho. I got a medium and it fits beautifully! Definitely gonna order it in the other colors	review_date"
"Definitely order at least 2 sizes bigger than you normally would. I am usually an XL and I ordered an XXL and it was ALMOST too small.Other than that it鈥檚 great. Good sturdy material	 super comfy (can sometimes give yah a bit of a front wedgy) but overall I鈥檇 recommend this product.I am wearing mine (with black bottoms) for a burlesque show.	review_date"
"Really cute!!! And actually pretty comfortable! For measurements wise. I am 5鈥?	 140lbs 34DD	 29in waist and 39in hips.	review_date"
"Love this! The red is absolutely beautiful. The material is extremely soft and comfortable! Would definitely buy more!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weight 125-130lbs	 32C. I ordered a small and I鈥檓 pretty happy with the fit	 although it could be a little longer	 which is strange because my torso is petite. This is such a beautiful piece of lingerie. I鈥檝e been ordering around different brands and was really impressed. For an inexpensive product it looks more expensive than it is in my opinion. Back is very sexy and lace is soft. I like to tie the bow in the front so it doesn鈥檛 cover up things behind. Only real downside is that the bralette area doesn鈥檛 perk things up at all. I could adjust the straps tighter but then it would be too tight in the undies.  But overall glad I bought this one!	review_date"
"Looks good in the bedroom or with jeans. The breast part is see through so sometimes I put a nude bandaid over my nips if I鈥檓 going out. Great for Valentine鈥檚 Day. Don鈥檛 expect lots of wears because it stretches out super fast. I wore it once for like 30 mins and I already see wear and tear...but that鈥檚 to be expected when buying cheap lingerie.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 and the material is nice. Just some notes. For those who are smaller busted the top can be saggy. You can adjust the straps	 but it doesn't fit perfect. I expected this though. Being a 32B almost all lingerie is like that. I'm also 5'8\	 so it has to stretch out more along my torso. It wasn't uncomfortable since the material stretches a little	 but it does look a tad different streched slightly. If you are taller then 5'8\"" I wouldn't advise getting it. Overall	 I am very happy with my purchase.""	review_date"
"I love this. I'm 5'10 and 140	 I got a medium and it fit so nicely :)The lace is not lined	 so you can see everything	 so not really a body suit to throw on wirh pants or a skirt to go out. But it works amazing for your special moment's.	review_date"
"Very nice and feel very sexy in it. It fit just right. I am size 10 and medium in tops	 also 5'7''. The medium fit me well. I recommend...and my husband loved it!!	review_date"
"I'm tall and medium fits perfectly on me	 is very similar to Garmol one but the Garmol rose color is much prettier than this rose color in person from this brand the color is more of a magenta purple than a pink or red color...would still order another one and try out another color.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a best seller for a reason! It鈥檚 stretchy and form fitting and super sexy.  I鈥檓 5鈥? and 130 lbs with 38C - i bought the medium and it was tight enough to hold the ladies up without being too constricting. I paired it with a plaid high waisted skirt	 thigh high socks	 and a cardigan for an ultra sexy school girl lingerie ensemble. 10/10 would recommend.	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie but the black is different than the blue. I originally ordered blue and had to return it because it came with a small tear in it. I got black instead and noticed that the quality and details were slightly different.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	 the breast area is not fo anyone over a DDD. The material is soft but the ribbon is kind of in an odd place. I will probably wear it but I'll need a bra on to even consider it.	review_date"
"聽Fits really great I recommend buying! Bought for a photoshoot and cut the tag so don鈥檛 remember the size 馃槱	review_date"
"Very nice and attractive. Fit as expected for the size	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 fits as expected	review_date"
"This is amazingly gorgeous! Used it for a boudoir photography shoot last week and my client absolutely loved it. The red color is a perfect red. The bow in back is adorable. Just know it seems a little small. She is very slim and the medium I had was not too large. It is sheer	 so keep that in mind.	review_date"
"I wasn't sure how the fit would be on this and if it would look good on me as I'm slightly smaller chested	 but it is amazing! So beautiful and looks well made. I highly recommend and may need some other colors myself.	review_date"
"This is super cute! It fits really well and seems like it鈥檒l be comfortable. I didn鈥檛 give it 5 stars because there is no cotton part in the vagina region	review_date"
"Looks sexy \u0026 makes me feel confident. I would strongly encourage you buy. I鈥檓 going to get in more colors	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 185 lbs and this fit my body so well. Just enough stretch. The lace is beautiful. The cut in the front will hide love handles because it鈥檚 sort of cut like a boy short I鈥檓 the front \u0026 transitions to a thing in the back. Super sexy. Love it.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6	 150lb and a Large fit perfectly. Quality material and very pretty. I wore this under a small thin black hoodie with leggings and let my bf unzip my hoodie to find out what I was wearing and it was a Success. :)	review_date"
"Loved this. Fit to size. I wear it with a high wasted skirt and use boob stickers to hide behind the material.	review_date"
"Wow. Sexy in red . Will be wearing this piece for my hubby . 5ft 6in 178lbs 38c . Perfect !	review_date"
"Fits well. Better material than expected! However 4 stars bc I don鈥檛 expect it to last more than 3ish washes... but the price is great. Use the size chart!! I am 5鈥?鈥?and 145 lbs	 but am a 34 D and a little curvy so I went XL!	review_date"
"Very nice material and is not itchy. No ride up or shifting around and could work for regular wear as long as it鈥檚 not an overactive day.	review_date"
"I had no idea what to expect of affordable lingerie	 but this was completely legit!!  This looks amazing on...so flattering.  The satin waist tie is a perfect accessory and super sexy from the back.  I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 124 and a small fit perfectly.  Not itchy or uncomfortable at all.	review_date"
"Tried this on and it鈥檚 amazing. Fit perfectly and so nice.	review_date"
"I have ordered lingerie a few times n never had luck it鈥檚 always sized way to small but this was perfect and so sexy	review_date"
"It's beautiful	 very good hugging my curves	review_date"
"That was great! I haven鈥檛 quite lost my baby fat and this does a pretty good job of hiding it and made me feel great. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?130 pounds and the medium fit great.	review_date"
"Loved the way it looked on my wife!	review_date"
"Not very forgiving if you don't have a flat stomach lol	 but still very sexy	review_date"
"loved it !  one of my favorite sexy suits!	review_date"
"Amazing 馃槈 my love	 loved it !!True to size!	review_date"
"Size up and it's perfect	 comfy and strechy.	review_date"
"Super sexy and flattering	review_date"
"Looks nice	 made well	review_date"
"I love it !!!! The material is so soft and stretchy . I am 155 pounds and 5鈥?7鈥?tall and the MeduimFits !	review_date"
"Really well made and gorgeous	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"My first order was lost by UPS. Amazon sent me a new order. It was super easy to get the problem taken care of. The product was also amazing. I was very surprised at how great the quality was! I am a C cup and the garment gave me great support. I love it!	review_date"
"The product was lighter than in the picture and too small.	review_date"
"Nice quality. Not even close on sizing. I am a LG most of the time	 sometimes an xl. I ordered the xxx and it was tiny.	review_date"
"It was really nice and stretchy material but im a double D and the boob area was a bit smaller even for an xl but i worked with it.	review_date"
"Love it 馃挄馃挆馃挄馃挆馃挄	review_date"
"Looks great! However	 I am a very top-heavy girl (34DDD) and this doesn鈥檛 support me as much as I would like. Will make some adjustments when I wear it but overall it鈥檚 cute	review_date"
"Wasn't too sure if I had gotten the right size but once I put it on it fit great.  Them material used was durable and not cheap.	review_date"
"great value	 loved it	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 have my hopes up but it鈥檚 great	review_date"
"Gorgeous and beat my expectations. Quality was amazing and for great price.	review_date"
"Loveee this! My boyfriend love it on me. I was a little nervous about getting an L because I鈥檓 5鈥? weight 160 I thought I would have to get a size up. However fitted very well looked really sexy on. Fit true to size.	review_date"
"Very nice. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 160 pounds and ordered a size M. If you are like me do NOT order a size up	 it fits very nicely. The color is not a bright red but it is still beautiful \u0026 very sexy.	review_date"
"I liked it enough to keep it.	review_date"
"Good looking quality for the price fits as expected I got an xl I am 5鈥? 180	review_date"
"I was not expecting this to be as nice but for the price it fit great!	review_date"
"I gave It 4 stars only because it is more of a wine color not hot pink.	review_date"
"Looks sexy on my wife. 2 minute man when she wears it lol	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Sized up and so glad I did. Fit perfectly and is to flattering. I'm 5'6\ and 220lb and this totally stands up to my most expensive lingerie. Buying another one asap!""	review_date"
"Beautiful navy blue color and good quality for the price. Medium fit just right	 for reference I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?140lbs 40-35-39	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Fit really well!	review_date"
"This piece is super nice and it fits perfectly! I got the purple color to try something different and it鈥檚 a nice purple. I鈥檓 5鈥? 118 lbs and I got a size small and fits amazingly!	review_date"
"Lovely stretch lace teddy - wasn鈥檛 disappointed	review_date"
"This was a spur of the moment purchase and I don鈥檛 regret it. My gf loved it	 thought it was fire	 and I looked like I was one of the characters from Mortal Kombat but in a sexy form 馃槀馃槀.	review_date"
"I loved it! It looks very beautiful but do get a size larger if you are big chested. Other then that it was lovely! I had a 2x and am a 38 D.	review_date"
"Very pretty. I'm a size 12	 ordered an xl. Was very small in the bust but I'm a DD	 so maybe larger than who was intended.	review_date"
"I can鈥檛 believe this was only $13! It fits my body(5鈥?鈥? 32DD	 140lbs) perfectly and looks and feels great! There鈥檚 not really any support for my breasts	 but they still look good.	review_date"
"I love it looks just like the photo	 and it looks more expensive then what i paid for. I recommend you go a size up if your bigger chested.	review_date"
"You will not be disappointed!	review_date"
"Great product for a great price.	review_date"
"I love the color! I bought the purple in large.  weigh 160 and 5'6 tall I looks so sexy I'm and the fabric is so pretty! ordering another one!	review_date"
"Fits true to size.  Boyfriend loves its. Material is thin in some areas.	review_date"
"This is a great product for the price. Very flattering fit	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?140 lbs and the small fit perfectly with a comfortable amount of stretch and snug.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Love this! The material is great and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap and it fit great! I鈥檇 recommend buying it if you鈥檙e looking at this one	review_date"
"really soft and pretty good quality	review_date"
"Love it!! It is really good quality. Better than i was expecting. If you are thinking about buying this	 Do it! you wont regret it.	review_date"
"So lovely and sexy!!	review_date"
"Muy bonito	review_date"
"I鈥檓 an xl-xxl typically but I ordered a xxxl after reading some reviews saying that it runs kinda small. It fits me very well.	review_date"
"Love it..Very sexy	 comfortable	 and a beautiful color especially against my skin tone...Will purchase again in another color.	review_date"
"It runs smaller then you may think. Like an actual Large	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so pretty and comfy I鈥檓 137 and I got a medium.	review_date"
"Perfect! Came earlier than expected	review_date"
"Right size...	review_date"
"Nicely made	 good quality for the price	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ and 142 lbs and the medium size fits perfectly.  I chose the navy blue color and it is beautiful.""	review_date"
"This item was amazing and looked beautiful on	review_date"
"It鈥檚 super sexy and I liked the quality of the material.	review_date"
"Really beautiful! Fit a little snug so I would probably recommend buying a size up.	review_date"
"Really soft fabric and very flattering. I loved it and so will my husband!	review_date"
"Very good quality for the price!	review_date"
"It was cute	 but hard to figure out!	review_date"
"Love it so much	review_date"
"Very pretty color and material	 but the back was just a hair too long.	review_date"
"Very soft and sexy	review_date"
"The color and fit were perfect	review_date"
"Gorgeous! Fits great	review_date"
"Super comfy and sexy	 fits pretty true to size.	review_date"
"I love them 馃槏	review_date"
"Great quality and fit! I would definitely recommend	review_date"
"Love it!!!!!	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"Definitely recommend. Super sexy	review_date"
"Muy lindo tela de calidad	review_date"
"It fits so good	review_date"
"El modelo	review_date"
"Me encant贸 lo recomiendo	review_date"
"Was cute on the wife	 size just ran smaller than expected.	review_date"
"husband loves	review_date"
"This bodysuit lingerie is so SEXY. I got it in the color red and it such a beautiful red shade. Also	 the material feels so soft and the lace is beautiful. I still can't believe how inexpensive this piece is as it feels like a lingerie piece from a high-end brand. I weight 105 lbs. and wear a 32B bra size	 and I got it in the size S which fit me fine in my opinion. Overall	 I am very satisfied with my purchase.	review_date"
"This piece is absolutely beautiful I bought it in a size medium and it fits me great	 I am 5'7 and 140lbs. I love the bow detail in the back and the delicate lace design. Oh	 and the bust size fit great too I'm a small B cup and I was afraid sizing up would make this look unflattering but the fit was actually quite perfect! I would totally recommend this little sexy piece to spice things up with your partner	 it's totally worth it!	review_date"
"This is a perfect piece for women of all body shapes. If you don鈥檛 have that flat stomach that we all want	 that鈥檚 perfectly covers up your midsection. It鈥檚 sexy without being a raunchy.	review_date"
"Amazing quality for the price	 this is a nice lace that has some stretch to it. I'm often size 10-14 depending on sizing. 5'3\ 32 waist and I am returning XL for L and buying red and black this time! I prefer cheap lingerie because I find it often gets torn up anyways but with this purchase I don't have to sacrifice quality either.""	review_date"
"Oh my gosh	 what can I say?  There are not many pieces of lingerie that you can honestly say look exactly like the picture.  This one does!  The fit was perfect with the size that I chose (I picked my regular size - I'm usually a medium or large	 I have hips!).  The lace was not scratchy at all	 it was very soft and comfortable.  I have a bodysuit from Victoria's Secret that I paid upwards of $70 for and honestly I think this one looks better!	review_date"
"Love this lingerie.  It is so beautiful and very sexy.The lace is nice and stretchy but doesn鈥檛 scratch the skin.  I have very sensitive skin and it didn鈥檛 irritate it once.  As soon as I put it on I felt sexy.  The lace is nice and soft too. There isn鈥檛 support so if you are big chested like I am	 you can pair it with a sexy bra.  Also came in a nice bag	review_date"
"Ok so first of all I would like to say that I am not very confident in my own skin	 but wearing this made me feel so confident and sexy for my husband. And he loved it so much!!!! The material is so soft and comfortable. I weigh 120 and I am a size 5 in Jean's and 36b in bra size and it fit so perfect! I was hesitant about getting a size medium or small but the small fit me PERFECT!!! I reccomend this item. I chose black and I love it so much	 great quality for great price!!!	review_date"
"Super sexy	 hit with the hubby	 does come up high on the thigh if that area bothers you I would avoid. I'm 5'0\	 140lbs	 42-30-40 fits great! Only wish it had snaps at the crotch.""	review_date"
"Love this it! I bought it expecting it to be not the best quality because the price is so cheap but the material is so soft!	review_date"
"absolutely loved the babydoll lace bodysuit lingerie fit was expected plan on purchasing this item again in another color	review_date"
"For the price	 it鈥檚 awesome! I鈥檓 just a little upset that the back strap to tighten/loosen was made wrong... I can鈥檛 tightwn one side on the strap and I don鈥檛 want to return it since I am wearing this on Valentine鈥檚 Day. Other than than I鈥檇 say it鈥檚 an 8/10!For reference ladies... i am about 165 pounds	 curvy	 and I am 5鈥?!	review_date"
"The amount of fabric between the legs was way too much	 and the shape of the lower half was just not well constructed. Fabric was delicate and would鈥檝e kept it to adjust myself if the seams had been better placed	review_date"
"This teddy is so beautiful!! It鈥檚 buttery soft and the red is so vibrant. Well made and looks so sexy on! True to size! I am 130 pounds	 petite but with an athletic build and I got the size small. It was perfect.	review_date"
"Soft and sexy. Hugs in all the right places. Does not ride up.	review_date"
"Fits like a dream	 super stretchy I suggest sizing down	review_date"
"This was super cute. However	 it ripped within 5 minutes of trying it on. The material was cheap and the seam in the side ripped within minutes of wearing it. The product was larger than I expected	 so there was definitely room to move in	 but the material was just extremely cheap. It's cute enough if you only want it for one wear (if it lasts that long)	 but it's not a product I would order and expect to last more than one night.	review_date"
"This teddy is pretty but just okay. I guess I was expecting something different. It was a little snug. I am a size 6. (5' 1\ and 125 lbs)""	review_date"
"Cute sexy lace body suit!! I鈥檓 normally fit a bit loose	 I would say it鈥檚 not a true fit. I normally like a loose fitting so I have no complains!!	review_date"
"I loved it! I got it in the gray color and I got a medium but I could of gotten away with ordering a small	 to be honest. Straps are also adjustable so that's a plus. Fits really nicely	 you will have to wear nipple covers.	review_date"
"I do love this but the stitching on the chest part of mine was not aligned at all. But I still plan on using it for the photoshoot I bought it for.	review_date"
"I love how soft the lace is and how comfortable it is on my skin. Normally lace is rough and scratchy. I鈥檓 surprised this wasn鈥檛 like that. I am completely satisfied.	review_date"
"VERY CUTE I Loved It. It Has To Be One Of The Best Pieces I Bought For A Good Price Too.	review_date"
"It fits decently but rides up in the vagina area in my opinion... I personally have to wear underwear underneath for it to be comfortable.	review_date"
"This is very flattering	 and my husband loves it. It鈥檚 a great buy!	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVE this!!!  This piece is absolutely stunning and fits my body like a dream.  It's soft and silky as well as super comfy to sleep in!!  I am 5'4\ 140lbs and ordered a med.  I don't usually have such luck as to perfect fitting lingerie. This one hit it out if the park. Comfortable and super sexy""	review_date"
"Item came earlier than expected. The color is as shown	 the material is soft and stretchy. I'm excited about wearing this piece.	review_date"
"So sexy!! My husband loved it.Cheap material	 but unbattable for the price.	review_date"
"I ordered a Large and this item is like an American XS. The mesh looking part if the body suit was more like fishnet and it looks very cheap. Item returned.	review_date"
"Great !!! Nice	 soft material.	review_date"
"Sexy \u0026 Great Material it is true to size I鈥檇 definitely buy it again.	review_date"
"stretchy	 cute and fits nice	review_date"
"My girl loved it	review_date"
"Came on time	 Prefect size since I am petite	 loves the material was very soft all in all I love this product definitely going to order another boyfriend couldn鈥檛 wait to get it off of me lol	review_date"
"Fits great and looks sexy!	review_date"
"The item is so beautiful	 good quality! Great deal. The best part is that it鈥檚 true to size and has adjustable straps.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured	 fit is good and the straps are adjustable for those who may want to close in on some of the cleavage. I washed it in the machine and it鈥檚 still intact. A definite must buy if you like the sexy bodysuit thing.	review_date"
"The fabric is very thin. The color is nice. It fits a bit big on me.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 Sexy and Fits perfect!	review_date"
"great for the price	review_date"
"Really cute lingerie for the price.	review_date"
"I bought this lace bodysuit for my niece for her bridal shower gift. She loves it.  When it arrived I almost wanted to keep it for myself. The material was nice. It was cute and sexy.  I plan to buy another one.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie do much it's so comfy and the sizing is perfect. Shipping was fast took the regular 3 days to deliver and customer service was on point.	review_date"
"I loved the Buitifo Women Lace Teddy One Piece Lingerie in black. I am a very curvy female	 smaller waist will I鈥檓 a 36D \u0026 with some hips so I got it in a medium. This one piece fit perfectly. Matched my shape \u0026 gave me no problems. The shipping was quick. I love love love this.	review_date"
"The material was nice. but it runs a little large. I am 5'8 180lbs	review_date"
"loved the quality of this for the price just wish it was a littler tighter but its my fault since i lost a little weight but i would recommend this to anyone true to size	review_date"
"Great teddy! The material and detail is wonderful	review_date"
"Buena calidad	 adaptable para los cuerpos	 me gusta!	review_date"
"Love the material it is very soft for lace looks great on me too	review_date"
"Very pretty but definitely buy about 2 sizes bigger. I normally wear and xl and had to buy a 3x.	review_date"
"Wasn鈥檛 expecting much with it being so cheap but I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Great piece for the price! Arrived quickly! Fit well!	review_date"
"This fit just as expected. Shipping was fast! I鈥檓 in love with the quality. Amazing!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 feels comfortable	 and stretches the perfect amount. I bought this also in white because of how much I loved it in black!	review_date"
"I love it!! Amazing quality!!!	review_date"
"The perfect fit! I hope my man likes	review_date"
"Very soft lace	 comfortable. Will definetly order again.	review_date"
"Love this true to size \u0026 looks great 	 not itchy at all	review_date"
"Love the quality	 has to order other colors	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 250 lbs. Ordered XX-large. It fits great and looks amazing. Buy it!	review_date"
"Cheep and isn鈥檛 true to size. Shipping took over a month! Wouldn鈥檛 buy again	review_date"
"My husband loves this baby doll one piece on me.Thank you	review_date"
"Amazing!! Soft	 sexy my husband loved it.	review_date"
"AMAZING!!! loved it	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It looked fantastic on my girlfriend	review_date"
"鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Great item	review_date"
Now one of my favorite body suits! The lace is so soft! The fit is fantastic! I鈥檓 on the thicker side and it鈥檚 very flattering. The perfect amount of coverage and makes my waist look snatched! I鈥檒l be ordering more colors! I purchase Black first 
"I got this in a size Large and X-Large. Both fit me just fine	 the XL was a little looser and more comfortable	 the Large was better for keeping everything in order heh. The material is very soft	 stretchy	 and the lace is cute!	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this teddy鈥檚! The fit was perfect and it gave me the sexy look I was going for. Super comfortable	 loved the fabric and my boo thang loved it as much as i did!	review_date"
"Overall	 this piece was perfect for my boudoir photo shoot. The material didn鈥檛 feel cheap	 the design was beautiful	 and I got exactly what was pictured.I read most reviews AND looked at the sizing chart for help on what to order	 and unfortunately	 I got a too big size. For sizing reference	 I鈥檓 48in bust	 37in waist	 and 48in hips. I typically wear size 12/14 but I鈥檓 extremely top heavy (36JJ). I ordered a XXL because everyone said size up. It was extremely loose near my front \u0026 backside (the lower half) and obviously no support up top. It does have adjustable straps so it did help with making it a bit more secure.If I would鈥檝e grabbed my normal XL size	 I think I would have gave it a 5	 even in spite of no breast support.	review_date"
"Definitely larger than expected. I am 5'5\ and 195 lbs. I ordered a XL and definitely could have gone with a Large. However	 it's really confortable and very soft fabric. I love it!""	review_date"
"This is the 4th night gown I've ordered from Hotouch \u0026 although the chest/lace part is made large	 I still think this is a beautiful night gown. The first 3 I ordered were the baby doll dress style gowns	 and those will always be my favorite. This nightie is sexy but very cool for hot days and comfy. I love the soft material they use \u0026 the colors are always perfect. I do think the price is a little high for just a nightie	 but I will definitely order another color of this gown. The dark green looks great on me. Next time I'll order a medium however! I'm a size 10-12 for reference. These gowns are always super flattering on my curves! Love Hotouch night gowns :)	review_date"
"Very sexy	 love the material	 feels very smooth and soft against my skin. I have a large chest	 and the only drawback is that my nips fall out pretty easily	 just bending over or moving certain ways they come out. So it can only be worn in private	 I need a robe over it in the morning when I get the kids their breakfast.	review_date"
"Super comfy but a bit large surprisingly. I am 5'3	 180lbs and 40DD and the XL was a little too big	 at least in the top anyway. the bottoms are actually kind of perfect fitting but I think I will have to take in the top a bit.	review_date"
"I was hesitant to buy this one because it's not my style	 but this one exceed my expectation. Maybe it's just little bit bigger for me	review_date"
"Fit is perfect. It's very flattering. Color is spot on to the pictures (gray). It's very light and comfortable. However	 so light that it feels cheap. On close inspection	 the seams and stitching aren't perfect and appear to be easy to rip. Thread for stitching is thin. The pretty lace accent	 again	 is very flattering. The lace	 though	 folds and rolls and is easily lost to the gray. After a few weeks of wearing it	 it hasn't torn or ripped at the seams the lace is easily flattened	 and the nightgown is very enjoyable to sleep in. The biggest downside to this purchase has been	 by far	 waiting a month for it to arrive!!!I'm happy with my purchase but I don't have much confidence that it will last the test of time. I would definitely say this purchase is worth it if you're willing to wait.	review_date"
"Great nightie! I am 5'7\ 170lbs 38 DD although it is a little small for my bust it still fit just fine. It is VERY flattering if you have gained a bit of holiday weight around your mid-section. The material is so soft and comfortable to sleep in. I have 100 nightgowns but this is my husband's new favorite.""	review_date"
"I bought this to wear after a disc replacement in my neck	 because it looked like it鈥檇 be easy to pull up (rather than overhead).  I am in love with this nightie!  It鈥檚 soft	 comfy	 and flattering	 and I love the color!  My fianc茅 even declared it 鈥榮exy!鈥? I am 5鈥?.5鈥? 145-150lb	 and am a D cup"
"This may be my favorite nursing nightgown.  It's really soft	 and even though it pulls away easy to feed	 it still sits up where it should when not feeding baby.  My favorite part	 has got to be that it's the most flattering nightgown I own (nursing or otherwise) on a postpartum body.  I'll be ordering more if I have another baby.	review_date"
"I tried 5 different nightgowns for my full bustline	 and this is the one! Most had no support at all	 and while this one doesn't have actual support either	 the crossover of lace in the front and the band of lace beneath gives just enough to hold me with a nice	 natural	 free shape. I love the way this fabric feels. It's super soft and drapey. The lace is not scratchy. I am 5'3\ tall and weigh 160 pounds and I ordered a L	 which fit perfectly. Most of my weight is in my ample bust and torso	 and this falls in a way that just skims my waist and hips so it doesn't cling. I feel very sexy in it. I am a 36DD	 and with the straps set on the shortest possible length	 the fabric just pulls up enough to give my breasts a nice rounded curve. It did plunge really deeply	 so I put a few hidden stitches in the lace right at the crossover of the V neckline to hold it closed ever so slightly	 and this works perfectly for me. It's the only nightgown I want now. I might buy it in more colors eventually!""	review_date"
"Comfy cotton feel	 not itchy feel from the lace. My mistake for ordering a size larger	 I read previous reviews and most customers said that you should order a size up cause it鈥檚 too small	 which is what I did. I ordered a size XXXL	 thinking my natural size would be too small (NOT true). Very true to size	 so make sure to order your natural size in order to be satisfied.	review_date"
"Love how soft and stretchy this nightie is! Looks exactly as pictured and fits as expected when ordered using the sizing chart. The spaghetti straps are pretty thin and the plastic pieces for adjusting the length are pretty standard	 but even if either of those break	 it's still worth it for this price and an easy fix anyway!This will be a great slip for wearing postpartum at the hospital and back at home after baby arrives since it has a little extra fabric right above the tummy so a pregnant belly can fit and also the top is really great for breastfeeding.	review_date"
"It fits nicely	 looks cute	 and feels SO very comfortable.  It's incredibly soft	 and stretchy enough to accommodate unrestricted tossing and turning (or other movements) in the night.My only	 teeny	 tiny little complaint is that the straps kind of veer off from the lace in an odd way.  It makes it so the lace ends and the strap begins a couple inches closer to the middle of the chest	 rather than following a natural line straight up to the shoulder.  I hope that's at least a somewhat good explanation.Regardless	 it's still cute	 comfy	 and just a hint of sexy	 which is exactly what I was looking for.	review_date"
"This is a really nice and simple sleep chemise. Based on a plus size	 I think the sizing is right on. I wear a 22/24 and ordered a 2x	 it was a perfect fit and was even a bit bigger than I had expected. It's a thin and soft cotton type material (I'm not sure if it's actually cotton).  Good deal	 I'm going to order another one.	review_date"
"This was a simple	 sweet nightgown	 very very soft.. I love that.. and the color	 pink	 is very cute. It fits me comfy	 it was is kind of on a larger size	 but the straps are adjustable	 but I see those loosening as it is worn	 because it is soft. But the tiny bit larger size is ok	 as I am afraid if I got one size down	 it may fit me more snug then I would want. It is all around a cute nightgown	 girlie and yet still flirty. The fabric is a tiny bit sheer	 so no wearing around people you don't want to give a little peep to :)	review_date"
"Love this night gown. It fit perfectly	 and it鈥檚 light and breathable for warmer summer nights. It also looks pretty sexy. The material is stretchy and soft. My only issue is that I鈥檓 a tosser when I sleep	 and one of the adjustable straps snapped when I rolled over after a few wears. I think a stronger plastic piece that wont break may solve the problem.	review_date"
"Expect nip slips. If you move around in your sleep	 the gown doesn't really move with your body	 leading to you wearing it sideways in your sleep. Very comfy	 though.	review_date"
"This gown fits great	 even after washing and wearing many many times.  The color does not fade.  The material is super soft.  The length is great.  The only slight issue I have is when my girls fall out while I am laying on my side.  This is due to the plunging V neckline	 not any flaw on the product.  I highly recommend this gown!	review_date"
"Uncomfortable	 doesn't stretch in certain places so it makes it very uncomfortable to wear. I purchased this while pregnant in hopes of using it postpartum as a comfortable nightgown to nurse in. I haven't worn it once. It isn't comfortable and the fit is weird. I wish I had returned it.	review_date"
"I ordered an XXL.  This night gown fit well except for right underneath the arms.  The armpits are gaping!  Everything else fit as expected	 but something went wrong with the arm holes. Maybe a quality control issue?I plan to just take a needle \u0026 thread to it \u0026 fix.	review_date"
"I gave this four stars because it is exactly what it says. I bought two of these in different colors  and was hoping for something a little heavier that drapes better. But for the money I guess this is what you get. I feel they are much shorter than shows in the picture.	review_date"
"Very very comfortableI am a breastfeeding mom and this night gown gives me enough support without putting to much pressure and easily opens so I can breastfeed my baby in the middle of the night. Keeps everthing in place for the most part. If you move around a lot in your sleep you might get a nip slip and have to adjust but otherwise everything stays put	 even when I sleep on my side. I wear a size 40D and I ordered a size large. I ordered a second one	review_date"
"It's made of the thin stretchy material you see everywhere at like Gen-X or stores like it. The adjustable straps are made of that same material so you can tighten them but by the time the material stretches out it hasn't done much good. Good length. Expected a little more at this price.	review_date"
"I went by reviews stating it was small for sizing	 so my somewhat large rating is based on those ratings. All in all I love it	 comfortable	 soft and actually more true to size than I was expecting"
"Very pretty	 soft	 and the color is beautiful. Not very much support if that is what you're looking for. I would have liked it a little more snug in the bust. I purchased a S I am 5'5 130lb and it fits comfortably.	review_date"
"The material is very light weight and very comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥? 180 lbs and I ordered a large. It fit fine and i could have possibly even been comfortable in a medium. The only thing I can see that would be a negative is if you鈥檙e top heavy. The material is too thin and light to offer any support up top.	review_date"
"Nice and comfortable material	 I had an issue where one strap wasn鈥檛 totally sewn together near the strap adjuster. I was able to put in a few quick stitches and it鈥檚 held up well.	review_date"
"I bought one and as soon as it came I bought more. It's very flattering	 I even was able to wear it within a week of giving birth. I am a 38DD and it held my chest much better than any other nightgown I have tried. I'm 5'1\ and it was long enough to wear around the house but short enough to still feel sexy!""	review_date"
"These are my favorite nightgowns. They are soft and beautiful. I've washed and dried them several times now and they are in the exact same shape. Perfect for XL women	 it hugs all the right curves and loose and flow-y where it needs to be. I'm short 61\ so it comes down to my knees. The straps are adjustable	 like a bra	 also great for us shorter girls. Can't wait to get more colors.""	review_date"
"This thing is massive! I'm a 5'8 155lbs	 size 8-10. The large hung off me like a mummy. I'm going to order a medium (maybe a small). When that comes in I'll update my review.	review_date"
"I love these and have bought multiple colors. One the plastic clip on the strap broke off and is unwearable which is disappointing since I didn't have it that long	 but the others are still holding up okay. Very comfortable and pretty!	review_date"
"This is super pretty	 but too clingy! I was hoping the babydoll a-line style would be forgiving	 but just the opposite. If you are thin and close to perfect	 you鈥檒l love.	review_date"
"I wound up returning this gown. It is pretty and fit okay but would have looked a lot better on me as a twenty-something	 which I ceased to be forty years ago.	review_date"
"I love the length and softness of this nightgown but when I wear it my breasts will pop out of the top from the slightest movement. Everything else fits but I just need to wear something over it when around the house to help with this problem.	review_date"
"I normally buy xl it have my loose but I bought an Large for this. Fits and looks great! I鈥檓 a 170 and 5ft7in	review_date"
"Gorgeous and very	 very soft. Sexy and pretty but actually fairly modest. My mom bod appreciated that! Date night reaction was pretty good too lol. I intend to purchase more!	review_date"
"I love this night gown! I am purchasing a second. The material is of good quality	 soft to the touch. It's fits nicely and drapes well over my baby bump (I ordered an XL). It's very comfortable to sleep/lounge in.	review_date"
"Soft and comfy and a little sexy but the fabric is so thin it already has a hole in it after only one wear. I still like it though - good length and soft and pretty.	review_date"
"Bought this to wear post c section	 and it's perfect. Very comfortable! The one annoying thing is the strap on the left side wasn't put together properly. I had to use a safety pin to keep it in place.	review_date"
"I bought this a little larger because I have a bigger chest and it turned out to be a little too big but it鈥檚 very comfortable and I鈥檓 wearing it anyway	 sorry no pics lol	review_date"
"I absolutely love this for comfort and softness. My only issues is I do move around in my sleep and therefore my \girls\"" tend to wonder and shift making it so I have to make minor adjustments when I get up for my morning routine prior to changing. It's only a minor complaint since it's just me	 my husband	 and the dog	 but exposure is not normally how I like to start the day. Everything else with this article is perfect!""	review_date"
"This is my new favorite. The length is above the knee. The adjustable straps allowed for comfort and fit. I bought the teal which made me think of peacocks.	review_date"
"Quite a bit more revealing and provocative than the photo. I was envisioning a nice slip	 nightgown	 but would consider this closer to (I can't spell	 but you know what I mean)	review_date"
"I bought this according to the size chart guide	 using my measurements and it is very large on the top. Even with the straps adjusted all the way my boobs still pop out the top bc it's just too big and the straps sometimes fall off my shoulder. Very disappointing as I made this purchase to wear in the hospital after labor.	review_date"
"While searching for nightgowns for after baby/hospital I came across this one. I love that it is great for breastfeeding but I also still wear it now that I am done.	review_date"
"this is as expected! true to fit	 maybe a little longer than i had expected but no big deal! super cute and soft. i wish there were more colors!	review_date"
"2 triangles cover breast and skirt. If you expect this gown to cover or hold you	 you're going to be disappointed.  Lightweight fabric .  If it's for sleeping	 don't bother	review_date"
"This nightie is so soft and comfortable. It has adjustable straps	 which offer a little support. It is flattering with its empire waist. I would definitely recommend it!	review_date"
"The fit was perfect but if you have bigger breast I would recommend getting a size up...I'm a 42F and I had bought a X-large and it fits just have to wear a bra with it or my breast will pop out	review_date"
"Poor quality but you can not expect more from the price	 you get what you pay for it. The detail (lace) its it's not even sewing correctly.	review_date"
"The length is good but the top fit isn't great for my larger chest. One of the straps was broken upon arrival. The plastic ring was broke that attaches the strap to the rest of the nightgown.	review_date"
"I bought this nightgown in 2 variants : material 1 and material 3. The former is soft and matte	 the latter is shiny acetate. I liked the first one much more.	review_date"
"I like but I made the mistake of thinking this would work as a nursing nightie. Well since it doesn't have any support	 is in fact  very soft and stretchy. Not bad qualities just not a good fit for nursing lol	review_date"
"It was nice at first. Pretty thin and lightweight. I've had it now for about 3-4 months and it has holes in it where the straps are. I notice they get bigger when I put it through the washer. Poor quality material but I got what I paid for.	review_date"
"Very cute but I wish it had adjustable straps. I wore it in the hospital and my boobs were hanging out everywhere. Luckily I had a robe to put over it. Great for breastfeeding though.	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy	 and will order again in a different color. Very comfortable	 and color was a muted teal.	review_date"
"I adore this nightie! Fits great on me and is comfortable and sexy too	 I鈥檓 wearing it right now! I鈥檒l be ordering another one. It鈥檚 great for pregnancy and breastfeeding and fits on a large bust.	review_date"
"Super soft	 comfy and beautiful. Fits great even on a plus size pregnant lady. I would highly recommend it.	review_date"
"This material is very soft and comfortable to sleep in. It is poorly made and is already coming apart after 3 washes. Meh...	review_date"
"Cute but the material is not the best. Rather flimsy and will likely rip after a few washes.	review_date"
"These are so soft and so comfortable! I got them for my upcoming delivery and even at 9mos pregnant they fit and are comfortable. they look great on	 I鈥檒l be using these long after delivery too!	review_date"
"gorgeous!  Soft as butter - great quality for price - prettier than anything i found at Victoria Secret and way cheaper!!!	review_date"
"Very cute nightie.  Had to shorten the straps quite a bit to keep the 鈥榞irls鈥?from flopping around too much.  BF has a hard time staying on his side of the bed when I鈥檓 wearing it.	review_date"
"Super comfy	 looks great. Loses one star because although you can adjust the straps	 they come undone within a few hours. However	 great product for the price.	review_date"
"I love these.  Very nice I bought a few other colors as well.  I with it came a little longer as well.  But very nice.	review_date"
"Soft and cottony feel on your skin. Lovely colour. Strong material.	review_date"
"way small - ordered the largest one they had and I'm a size 12/14	review_date"
"It's ok if you have a small bust.  Not so much if your chest is large.  Maybe a new extra stiches in the middle of the bust would help.  Wasn't very flattering in that area.  However	 the rest of the body is great.  Just warning the larger-chested ladies!	review_date"
"The nightgown is cute	 but doesn鈥檛 offer any support for women with bigger breasts and generally runs large. I would order a size down.	review_date"
"Soft	 pretty	 comfortable	 and fits perfectly	review_date"
"I ordered a Large based off sizing.. I鈥檓 6鈥?鈥?and 190lbs. I wear a large in shirts \u0026 a 12 dresses \u0026 10 or 12 in pants. I am going to return \u0026 buy a medium!!	review_date"
"Pretty and sexy.  Medium weight material.  I bought a size Large.  I am 5'6\	 38D	 149 lbs.""	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 soft fabric. Love wearing this sleep top	 especially in the summer.	review_date"
"This is so soft and lightweight. It clings in all the right spots without constricting movement. Exactly what I was looking for	review_date"
"Comfortable and beautiful. I鈥檓 very happy with my purchase and am going to order a few other colors.	review_date"
"This is a nice product. Fits as expected. I would purchase again.	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable. I followed reviewer's advice and ordered a size up. Im 5'10\ and a size 16	 3X was the perfect fit.""	review_date"
"Super soft fabric	 great fit and very comfortable.  Only reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is that the night dress offers zero bust support.	review_date"
"Nice material. But the front doesn鈥檛 stay closed although the size appears to correct.	review_date"
"Soft material. Did not shrink in wash. The elastic stretches out easily.	review_date"
"Sexy but comfy and just the right length. Fabric is soft. Love it!	review_date"
"Very soft. Nice fabric.  Size down-fits way too large.	review_date"
"It was not the quality I was looking for	review_date"
"Super soft and comfortable 馃槉 and hubby likes too! After reading the reviews	 I opted for the large. I am 5'6\	 158 lbs	 with a 36 D bust. The fit was a bit too loose	 but had reasonable bust support for a nighty. I just ordered another in a medium! Plan to order more once I get the fit just right.""	review_date"
"Super soft	 perfect size.	review_date"
"Very nice.  Would like a little more support in the bra area but other very soft.  Fits well.  Maybe I should gave ordered a smaller size.	review_date"
"Love how comfortable this is and wth my robe it鈥檚 warm enough for winter or cool enough for summer	review_date"
"Soft and fit nicely. Hopefully it will hold up after washing it a few times. I plan on hand washing to make it last longer.	review_date"
"Lovely nightgown	 soooo soft	 but holy big.	review_date"
"Love the color and fit. Ordered the teal color in an xl fit as expected. Fabric is nice quality	 and very soft.	review_date"
"Size small cuts me perfectly and I am 139 lbs and a DDD cup.  The material is soft too.  Make sure you adjust the straps for a more snug fit up top.  I only wish it came in red because navy is kind of dull.	review_date"
"Excellent product	review_date"
"Beautiful but it ripped too fast	review_date"
"Cute. Soft. Lightweight and stretchy. Gives just enough support for wearing around the house	 but don't expect the girls to stay contained through the night.	review_date"
"Love this night gown	 so soft and very comfortable!	review_date"
"Super soft with a wonderful drape. Nice length and beautiful color	 I got blue.  I love this and at this price it's unbelievable. My hubs loves it! I got the large.	review_date"
"I loved the first one I ordered a few more in different colors.	review_date"
"This nightgown was too big for me	review_date"
"The length is not what it looks in the picture. Way way to short for my 5鈥? height.	review_date"
"Love it! Beautiful and soft. However straps seem to stretch rather quickly for large breasts	review_date"
"It has a great fit on the back which shapes the rear in a good way. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars was because of the wimpy straps...over all great fit...very sexy for cotton!	review_date"
"Very comfy! The only part I do not like is the coverage if you have a larger chest.	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable! i was worried that i would be popping out on top (size DD) but it fits really well. Only wish it was more supportive on the breast area.	review_date"
"Love the way my wife looks in this	review_date"
"The fabric is soft and comfy	 I order an XL and I think I would have been better off with a Large. I wear a woman's size 16	 so I think it may run a bit large.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"Very comfortable material not hot not cool. Great fit would recommend to ladies.	review_date"
"I love this nightgown.  It's comfortable	 soft and washes up so nicely.  The straps are adjustable which is great. I'm buying a second one!!	review_date"
"Not at all what I expected.  Not the least bit drapey. I actually bought it a size too large just in case	 but it fits like a glove.  Tight and snug--not what I wanted.	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"I love the color	 stretch and feel of the fabric	 and the adjustable straps. Only negative is that the lace under the bust folded over when I washed. I think it only has one row of stitching in the middle of the strip.	review_date"
"This is so soft	 fits perfectly	 and it just what I needed.	review_date"
"It's a nice nightgown for the price. I ordered a small and it's still a bit large. But it's comfortable.	review_date"
"Seems like about a size smaller than stated.  Otherwise not bad for the price.	review_date"
"They are comfortable and fit.	review_date"
"These are great nightgowns for breastfeeding.  I've bought them in several colors.  They are soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"I love this nightgown. I'm very small in the chest and have trouble getting things to fit but the small fits perfect. I want one in ever color!	review_date"
"it's pretty	 but it would be better for bustier women	review_date"
"I love this nightgown! It鈥檚 so soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"I should not have listened to reviews that it runs large	 it doesn't	 it is pretty true to size.  I should not have gone a size up.  The pic is false advertising.  There is absolutely NO support in this thin little gown.  None.  The model obviously has other support going on underneath..false advertising.  For me it's just ok.  No support though is very unflattering.	review_date"
"Liked the color but the bust wouldn鈥檛 keep the girls in. Returned.	review_date"
"Love this. Think I'll order more. Little large do breast fall out during sleep but it is comfortable	review_date"
"So soft and comfortable! Easy to breastfeed in.	review_date"
"Very soft	 love it.	review_date"
"great. my girlfriend loved it	review_date"
"This is a perfect fitting night gown and very flattering.  I bought a black one and loved it so much I bought a red one!Very comfortable!	review_date"
"Very nice. Did not hold up very well during gentle washing.	review_date"
"AMAZINGLY soft....	review_date"
"Really nice comfortable material. I plan to order another in a different color!	review_date"
"This gown is really soft and is really comfy. It came exactly how it was described. I usually wear a large and so I bought a large. It was a little big	 but not enough to make me return or exchange it.	review_date"
"Somewhat small in the top if you are a C cup or over. Other than that	 it's ok.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy night gown. Love it.	review_date"
"Material is somewhat stretchy.  Opens up a little in the chest area cause it isn't sewn closed.	review_date"
"Very soft fabric. Fits well and true to size. It has adjustable straps making the fit more accurate.	review_date"
"Comfy sleeping and I feel so cute while making coffee!	review_date"
"great material and great fit	 very comfortable and looks really nice too	review_date"
"I wear it every night	 very soft fabric! stretchy and doesn't cling onto your body.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and fits as expected.  The color is true to what is on the computer too.	review_date"
"Very nice. Soft fabric.  Feels nice.	review_date"
"Love this nighty	review_date"
"I got the nightgown with the fabric that crisscrosses in the front. It doesn't lay very nice. Reviews are everything on a product	 and most of the reviews are very accurate. Probably would not buy again.	review_date"
"Very soft	 very pretty.  Fits as expected.	review_date"
"I checked the sizing and ended up ordered the  size I always do and it wasn't flowy at all	 (how it's pictured) it was tight in  the hips. I'm 5'8\ have a long torso	 small waist and larger hips but still given the sizing chart thought I was ordering right size. If you're hippy size up or skip this bc I was sure the next size would be too big. Also I noticed that the straps	 which were adjustable were VERY flimsy	 and doubt they could stand up to my strong tossing and turning game. I did have to adjust the straps to be much tighter/shorter which I never have to do. I'm generally on the longer side of adjustable straps.""	review_date"
"This is so soft and comfortable! I'm seriously considering buying one of every color!!	review_date"
"Nice material. Flattering style but runs large.	review_date"
"It came as XXL though and was probably a bit big	 but for sleeping in it I didn't mind.  I ordered a large and I'm 5'5 140 lbs	review_date"
"It's a beautiful and soft nightwear.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute 	and comfortable	review_date"
"Very soft material	 very comfortable. I have a bigger bust so the adjustable straps are a plus.	review_date"
"Very light and comfortable material but cheaply made. I adjusted the strap to fit me and the small plastic piece broke right away. I won鈥檛 return it because it鈥檚 too much of a hassle	 will probably end up just sewing it at desired strap length.	review_date"
"Great item!!! Comfortable and lightweight	 soft and easy too sleep in!!!	review_date"
"Arrived quick.  Softer than anything I  have  ever owned true to size  need a 100 of them	review_date"
"Perfect for summer. The fabric is so light and the fit is perfect.	review_date"
"Awesome fabric!  I just wish the sizing clips weren't cheap plastic - I can see them easily breaking.	review_date"
"Love the material	 very comfortable!	review_date"
"Material was very nice and soft. Fits as expected. Worth the money.	review_date"
"It is so cute! I love these night gowns!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 very nice	 and smooth fabric!	review_date"
"I've had this for a while and it tends to stretch out and not keep shape	 but its VERY comfortable	 breathable and pretty	review_date"
"Very soft and fits very well	review_date"
"I'm 5'5\. I usually wear size 10 and bra size 34DDD. The Large fits perfectly. The material is very soft and comfortable.""	review_date"
"It's so soft and comfortable. I will definitely be buying this in other colors.	review_date"
"So soft love it	review_date"
"I ordered the x-Large and it fits perfectly.  I'm  5'2\	 150 lbs and 38DD.""	review_date"
"I give this product 4 stars only because I did not feel like there was a lot of support on the upper part of the  gown. So when sleeping things were falling out of place that should not be making my nights rest not so restful. Other then that it fit good and looks cute.	review_date"
"This nighty fits perfectly and is very comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"This gown is very comfortable and the size is the normal size I'd usually wear.	review_date"
"Comfortable. A little shorter than I would of liked but it's exactly as described and matches the picture	review_date"
"The fabric is soft	 stretchy and comfortable.  The fit is flattering and I love the adjustable straps.	review_date"
"Fits nicely	 very soft material.	review_date"
"Love the color. Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! It's my favorite color	 super soft and fits superb. My boyfriend love's it too. Fast shipping and exactly as pictured.  Thank you!!	review_date"
"Larger than expected but still a nice piece. Returned for the correct size	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"Looks cute but arrived damaged. Strap is broken and I will have to sew it on :(	review_date"
"Sexy and fun!	review_date"
"Pretty and comfortable	review_date"
"Super comfy! Just wish it was a little shorter.Updating review: I bought this less than a year ago and the adjustable plastic piece on the strap broke so I鈥檓 having to buy another one. Still comfy - just disappointed that it didn鈥檛 even last a year.	review_date"
"Way too clingy and short. Doesn't seem to run small	 just has weird proportions and cheap fabric. Wouldn't recommend.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Great for the price.	review_date"
"Super comfy and soft	 I am curvy and this fits wonderfully	review_date"
"Shrinks when you wash it.	review_date"
"Just what I wanted.	review_date"
"Fits to size. Feels amazing and looks pretty on	review_date"
"Beautiful	 simple	 and a great comfy material for sleepwear.	review_date"
"Super comfortable and sexy!  Can't beat the price!	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Will definitely buy again.	review_date"
"I liked this nightgown a lot	 but it ripped the second time I wore it. Cheaply made.	review_date"
"This one fit her perfectly and seems to be well made.	review_date"
"My wife wears this all the time. One of her favorite pieces of sleepwear	review_date"
"I really like this! It's so comfortable and soft.It fit nicely with the adjustable shoulder straps.Shrinks in the wash	 but wasn't a problem.	review_date"
"Cute nightgown	review_date"
"Very soft and comfy	review_date"
"I absolutely LOVE this slip/gown. I purchased this in black	 medium. It is definitely as described and depicted in the pictures and description. It is elegant and very sexy.  I would recommend this product. I am not sure of my exact measurements that people normally post as far as my waist goes	 but I am 5'4\	 170 lbs currently	 38D chest. It fits me much better than I expected. I honestly thought it was going to be too small but it is jut right. It fits my chest and compliments my body pretty well. I am now no longer afraid to purchase items online. I don't think a larger size would have been necessary	 it might not have looked right on my chest since I no longer have perky boobs	 ha ha. I absolutely love this!Also	 just for the record	 if you are looking for a gown that has a supportive bust area	 this does not provide that. I mean it does work fine with a bra	 but since it is indeed more of a gown and not really the all out sexy lingerie	 it just kind of covers the boobs ha ha. Didn't bother me	 but I thought I would mention this based on some other lower reviews and for anyone else curious about breast support. I know I didn't personally expect it to be supportive in the breast area but since the woman in the picture has much smaller breasts it can appear supportive and not to mention as a model for the product she is probably wearing some type of strapless bra or something for the perky illusion. Just my opinion though.""	review_date"
"My wife loves it! Really comfortable and it looks great on her!	review_date"
"Liked the material and it fit as it should. Would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"I love it! Material is a bit thin but still really comfortable.	review_date"
"Great material. Very soft.	review_date"
"Love this nightgown comfy yet sexy	review_date"
"It is very comfortable and the color is beautiful. The fabric is very soft.	review_date"
"Love it...Material is cool	 fit is perfect and comfortable. I went with a Large but I normally wear an XL. Glad I did that. I鈥檓 going to buy another color and style since it fit so well.	review_date"
"I don't like the fit or the material plus it ran larger than the size chart	review_date"
"Item slightly large on me	 but it is beautiful and comfortable. My new favorite!	review_date"
"Super soft/comfy!	review_date"
"Comfortable	 however very low cut so the girls pop out while sleeping.	review_date"
"Way too big.	review_date"
"Not even 2 days of having it	 the right arm strap broke.	review_date"
"Nice	  great for nursing.	review_date"
"fit as expected	review_date"
"Wife is pleased with it.	review_date"
"My wife loves the fit and feel.	review_date"
"Perfect fit! I used it for labor and it was so cute and comfortable	 even in a pregnant lady. 馃槀	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Will be purchasing additional colors.	review_date"
"Very comfy and true to size! I ordered more after I received my first one.	review_date"
"Nice and sexy just like I like	review_date"
"Flattering fit. However	 after 2 weeks	 one of the plastic rings that holds the spaghetti straps together	 broke into 2 pieces.	review_date"
"Super comfortable	 fit's nicely. Looks great	 hubby loves it!!	review_date"
"very thin material	review_date"
"This nightgown is so soft and comfy. I love it and will be buying more	review_date"
"Sexy and very comfortable	review_date"
"The band is a little tight and the boobs a little loose. Be careful washing it the lace will get shredded. Pretty soft and comfy though not too long or short	review_date"
"Cute and soft. Will be great for when it starts to heat up outside.	review_date"
"Comfortable	 soft and sexy.	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"love it	 so comfortable! :)	review_date"
"Love it	 ordering more.	review_date"
"The price is very reasonable but the quality is a little low.	review_date"
"Very comphy!!	review_date"
"I love love love this nightgown	review_date"
"LOVE	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Can't wait to purchase more colors. :)	review_date"
"it a little big but very comfy... love it	review_date"
"I like the feel of the material	review_date"
"I love this	review_date"
"Very comphy	 I'm a large	 the fabric is pretty forgiving so I would have been fine with medium	 large is a bit big but not a big deal	review_date"
"Super soft	 comfortable	 flattering shape	 and very pretty. Exactly as expected! Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Love this! Super soft and comfy but still a little sexy.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"JUST GREAT! Super comfortable	 not too long or short. And it fitted as I wanted.	review_date"
"So Cute	review_date"
"Very comfortable while in the hospital after delivery.	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable	review_date"
"lovely feel	review_date"
"Good quality	 super soft	review_date"
"I love the feel of it.no negatives it fit as expected its comfortable.	review_date"
"it ripped the second time I wore it.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfy	review_date"
"The nightgown was very comfortable to sleep in	 but fell apart after a couple of washes!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it! Fits great and feels really comfortable!	review_date"
"I'm 5'4\	 140lb and a 34 B. I ordered a Medium. It fits perfect! Fabric is really soft.""	review_date"
"Super comfortable using it as a maternity nightgown/postpartum!	review_date"
"Love the fabric	 it's so soft and it's makes me feel pretty.	review_date"
"Love it. Very comfy!	review_date"
"Fits okay. I bought this for the convenience of nursing at night. It's not the best quality \u0026 the straps keep falling down off of my shoulders no matter how many times I adjust them.	review_date"
"Just got this in today and I'm impressed. I'm always hesitant to order stuff this like online because of sizing issues but this was spot on. I ordered an XL and am a size 16 right now and the fit was great. Not too clingy through the stomach and the top fit well. I'm 5'10\ and it came about 2 inches or above my knees. Nice weight to the fabric	 doesn't feel overly cheap. Now I'm wanting to buy a bunch of others in lighter colors	 which I am typically very cautious about since I'm self concious of how clothes look across my mid section	 but this isn't too tight at all.""	review_date"
"This is one of my favorites! Bought this for a trip. It is great. I usually have issues because of my large bust but this was surprisingly comfortable. The fabric is soft and has a slight stretch to it which helps to melt into any body type up top. It fits to size very well.The only negative I would say is that the hem that connected the top half to the bottom half started to come apart. It was easy enough to fix with a needle and thread and still very worth it given the price. If they had it in different colors I would buy it again.	review_date"
"Would buy it again.	review_date"
"Soft	 fits as expexted	 and very comfortable. I love it!	review_date"
"Very nice material and so comfortable.	review_date"
"Nice quality and true fit	review_date"
"Nice product	 but ran a little small for a larger bust.	review_date"
"Loved the feel of the fabric.	review_date"
"Love it.  Will be buying more!	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable. My partner likes it too.	review_date"
"So comfy	review_date"
"nice quality and larger than expected.	review_date"
"Very true to size	 great quality material with a little bit of support but sexy. Very pleased.	review_date"
"Materials are not great. Lace part is not supportive.	review_date"
"So far	 so good. I've had the nightgown for about a week	 and it's really comfortable!	review_date"
"Nice product	review_date"
"Softest	 lightest	 night gown ever!	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"This is a piece of junk. I wore it 1 time and it ripped at the lacey seam. Do not buy.	review_date"
"Very comfy and cute!	review_date"
"My wife bought this item and she says she loves it. Soft to the touch and very comfortable.	review_date"
"Love the materials	 super soft and comfy. Only complaint is its a little long for me.. im 5'3\ and it goes just past my knees.""	review_date"
"It was dirty	 I don鈥檛 recommend	review_date"
"Comfortable and flattering! I love the color and the soft jersey knit fabric and lace details. Could've ordered a size smaller.	review_date"
"It is super soft and holds up in the wash...love it!	review_date"
"I love these	 so comfortable!	review_date"
"Fits very nice	 the fabric is soft. Would buy more if there were other colors	review_date"
"Very comfortable at night.	review_date"
"Love it!! Will be ordering in more colors.	review_date"
"Not described well	review_date"
"Really comfortable and the night dress is a perfect length for me. The top may be a little small for anyone who is busty.	review_date"
I usually wear mediums but ordered a large after reading reviews from other customers commenting on the bust cut (it's probably an average cut but therefore not enough for those more filled out figures). I'm glad I ordered the large and as such it's a perfect fit. I love the fabric
"Love this nightgown. It is really soft and comfortable and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Cheap	review_date"
"So soft!	review_date"
"Oh!! What a great quality and reasonable price !	review_date"
"I got this because it looked cute	 but also comfortable	 and it is definitely both things. If you are bustier	 you definitely may have episodes where lefty or righty makes a break for it. I do have the straps tight	 but again	 I think it's an anatomy issue	 not a garment issue. It is so soft	 and it breathes. I get warm when I sleep	 and I wasn't sure if this cotton material would be hot	 but it really is airy. I plan on ordering more!	review_date"
"Super comfortable. Looks great on. My new favorite night gown	review_date"
"Super sexy and comfy	review_date"
"Love this nightgown and very soft.	review_date"
"Wish I had ordered more!!!	review_date"
"This Nightgown is so comfortable and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Quality not what I expected	review_date"
"Perfect fitting based on reviews	review_date"
"Love this! Fits well	 very comfy and cute.	review_date"
"Everything as expected	 and absolutely comfortable.	review_date"
"Love the material and the fit	review_date"
"Very comfortable and pretty. Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Extremely comfortable and light weight	review_date"
"Worth the money quick shipping	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"just perfect and comfortable	review_date"
"Soft fabric	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"I bought this to wear at the hospital and for after my daughter is born. At 9 months pregnant	 it fits wonderfully and it will definitely be easy to breastfeed. MUCH cheaper than a maternity nightgown and cuter!For those wondering about the fit	 I am currently 5' tall and 145lbs. Pre-pregnancy is 125lbs with 32DDD. The small fits great and the length with belly is slightly above my knees and there's no problem with the stretching as it shrinks right back in the wash. :) There are no cups	 but that is easily solved by adding some (I just use bikini inserts!). Loved it so much	 I bought another one.	review_date"
"Looks great on her	review_date"
"Super soft	 comfortable	 and great quality for the price. Straps are a bit flimsy for the \well endowed\"" ladies	 but it's sleepwear so we're not going for support	 we're going for asethics and comfort	 and this works great on both those accounts. Very flattering if you had a big dinner/have a bit of a belly	 and again I cannot rave enough about the softness and comfort.""	review_date"
"Extremely comfortable and very soft! I bought more as soon as I wore it for the first time. I'm not very meticulous when sorting my laundry (I don't sort out delicates etc) however I do wash everything in cold	 and let's just say so far washing and drying this material is great. I haven't noticed any change in it since I've bought them.	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfy. I've washed this a few times and haven't had any issues with the straps breaking. I do hang dry so I can't tell if it would shrink if you did	 but it is true to size.	review_date"
"I didn't like the way this fit in the breast as area. It definitely  does nothing to hold your breast in place. Toooo droopy of fabric around the breast area. They need to tighten the breast area enough to hold everything in place. Great fabric though and pretty.	review_date"
"Soooooo soft!  I wasn't sure I would like this and I was actually worried I'd get some cheap garment in the mail when I considered the low price.  I'm so glad that wasn't the case- it is beautiful and sooo very soft.  There isn't much support at the top	 but I find that to be the case with most nightgowns.  It has a lot of stretch to it too	 which I find nice.  Also 	the lace is soft and not scratchy- something I always appreciate.  The straps are adjustable	 in case you were wondering.  :)  Highly recommend!	review_date"
"On the second wear	 the strap broke	 but because I had gone on vacation and didn't wear it until I got home	 the return window had closed.  Very poorly made	 feels like it will fall apart	 and it did.	review_date"
"Much shorter than expected but love it. I saw that it hit the model at right above knee length	 mine hits me in the middle of my thigh. I'm 5'5\""	review_date:March 26	 2018""	star"
"I received a different item with different color. I am returning it.	review_date"
"Its a bit tight but great nightgown!	review_date"
"Enjoyed	 fits nce for the price.	review_date"
"Like the feel and the color . Wish it came in my size with other colors.	review_date"
"Nice 	 looks great	 fits well	review_date"
"I love the style	 however it seems as though I was sent a used night gown. Unless it was just a defected gown during manufacturing	 the moment I took it out of the bag it looked as though it had been ironed and material burned. There are strange marks all down the gown	 which is frustrating because I was excited to wear it this weekend during our kid free getaway. Without these marks	 this would easily be a 5-star gown. very pretty and fits as expected	 super comfortable! Unfortunately for me	 I must have gotten the rotten gown of the bunch and will not be wearing.	review_date"
"Super soft. Very comfortable. True to size	review_date"
"Constant nip slips: It's okay. It's very low cut	 so you're a side sleeper your entire boob will be hanging out all night completely exposed.	review_date"
"Very upset. Wore this	 washed this and now the seam is unraveling at the bust. The lace is separating from the night gown.	review_date"
"Materials looks nice. And the sizing looks correct. But arrived with a strap broken	review_date"
"I really like this nighty	. It's really comfy and pretty good shape and fit for those that not big busted. But	 I'm a little bummed it doesn't hang a little better at the waist/hips - it hugs and is not forgiving of the post baby tummy. I'm not a big person 5'3\ 130lbs	 but this gown is not forgiving of the few soft tummy rolls.  I'm keeping this though because it's comfy	 I need a new nighty and it's comfortable. So	 unless you're super skinny or in really good shape	 it's not that flattering.""	review_date"
"It lasted only 2 months and then ripped off. Horrible quality	review_date"
"also damaged upon arrival	review_date"
"Mine started to fall apart after two washes. It's pretty and soft but very poor quality.	review_date"
"Nice fabric and fitting. A bit revealing if you have larger breasts	review_date"
"Perfect for nursing	review_date"
"Arrived with a huge rip in it.  Had to return.	review_date"
"The stomach area where there are ruffles is like weirdly bulged	 as if it were for a pregnant person. Not flattering and I never wore it	review_date"
"Cute nightgown but the material ripped the second time I wore it. I guess you get what you pay for.	review_date"
I was hoping for pretty
"Super sexy and very comfortable. The top is good for any size bust. I'm busty and most night gowns either have a band or wire that don't fit right. This fits perfectly. Hubby loves it. Looks sexy even pregnant. I wash it in a mesh bag and hang dry. So far it's held up well. But after a few months some of the elastic in the fabric is starting to get stringy so you may have to cut it off.	review_date"
"I love this night gown.  Was really excited to try it on when it arrived.  Nice lace.  Feels nice.  Sheer but not too sheer.  Knee length on me (5' 8\)	 which was important to me as I prefer that length vs. shorter ones that end up too short on me.  See attached photos that show length and sheerness.  G-string is a bit big	 but I have plenty of others that fit better...""	review_date"
"This is adorable on and exactly as pictured. The bust is thicker so it's not completely see through	 and that thickness adds some support for my 36ddd's. The underwear is average and cute underneath. Just like the picture. Definitely would recommend!	review_date"
"I always read the reviews before I purchase anything	 especially clothing. I am 5'2	 plus size \u0026 usually wear a 1x or 2x depending on the item. I also have larger breasts. After reading the reviews saying it runs big	 I decided to go with the XXL. So glad I did!! I ordered the red	 it is very pretty	 classy	 not sleazy at all. Fits well!! The g-string is not my thing but I had other panties to match it. I will be buying another one of a different color. Great purchase!! Thank you Amazon.	review_date"
"I am 5 ft 11 inches tall. Dress size 12. Bra size DD You can easily feel (not see) my ribs and hip bones. This nightie is nice because it is long enough to fully cover my bottom and then some (which at 5 ft 11 is difficult to find). I plan on wearing it for my honeymoon. However	 I am glad I have a perfectly matching blue bra	 because when I tried it on this little number left my youthful bosom looking rather saggy. I'm sure my husband-to-be wouldn't mind	 but the point of these lacy things are to make us ladies feel beautiful and desirable. As he says \Whatever you wear won't be on for long\""""	review_date"
"This nightdress is lovely and softer than I was expecting. It is all sheer	 which can be hard to tell from the picture. Also	 the provided underwear is only 3 strings and a triangle of fabric in front	 so do not expect to have it for normal use.	review_date"
"Very flattering	 I bought two more in different colors.  The lace is really lovely and very figure flattering!	review_date"
"panties are small	 almost non existent. The top is larger than typical.	review_date"
"For this bargain price	 I assumed the fabric would be flimsy	 that the lace would be itchy and the color would run. I am so surprised by the quality of this item! I am a size 12 and ordered a large. Perfect!  The lace is soft	 the other fabric is appropriately transparent. It washed up well. Some of the color bleed into the water	 but not as I had expected for this price and I ordered red - a color that seems to bleed the most. I tossed the panties with out even trying them on. Barely more than a thread. But with the length of this gown	 they really weren't necessary.	review_date"
"I like this a lot. It's comfortable to sleep in and is pretty. The little prays on the edges do come off quite a bit. So the quality isn't the best	 but for the price	 I guess it must be expected.	review_date"
"It's very long and very sheer just as advertised	 so if that is what you want your getting exactly that. Just be prepared for the accuracy of that description. It's much more sheer than pictured. Also I'm not sure where the G-string part of the title comes in... It's just a nightgown... but either way	 believe the description and you won't be disappointed.	review_date"
"Love this gown! So sexy. Soft. Fits as expected. I wear an XL shirt at the gap and an 18/20 shirt at lane Bryant. Bra is 38D	 making me a 42鈥?bust. I bought both the XL (the size that should fit according to the chart) and an XXL just in case. The XL fit me perfectly! It鈥檚 also long enough. Hits just above my knee	 not just under by butt like so many. I like a little booty coverage. Looks like it鈥檚 going to hold up well too. Great item.	review_date"
"This is a really nice product for the price. I am a size 12-cup size 36B and ordered the S. I am 5'10\ and happy with the length. It comes with a pair of what I would call stretchy string with a tiny mesh piece attached. I believe it is called a G-string thong. I would not actually wear that	 but if that's your thing then maybe it's a bonus.""	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect	 VERY soft	 comfortable to sleep in with the benefit of looking good. It is completely see through though.	review_date"
"Scratchy lace	 poorly made. Looks shabby. Runs true to size	 however	 this brand typically runs pretty small so don鈥檛 base your size selection on previous items you may have purchased from this brand.	review_date"
"This is perfect for curvy girls!  Revealing without being too much.  My legs aren't my best feature so I love the length!  It has enough give in the fabric to be comfortable and for easy on's and off's!  Very pretty.  I ordered the white and will soon order more colors!	review_date"
"Very soft fabric and very flattering. I have a larger chest and have a hard time finding flattering lingerie and this worked great!	review_date"
"I am 5 ft	 140 lbs	 and wear 34DD. I bought the small	 and the cups fit perfect! Unlike others I have bought. I am Very satisfied with the product!	review_date"
"I'm usually an XS in adult sizes.  I'm 5'	 120 lbs	 with a shorter torso. Took a chance on a Small and I can make it work.  Opted for the dark red for valentines day and it's the perfect deep red	 but not burgundy. Material is thin	 but very soft. Very flattering so I plan on ordering a few more colors.	review_date"
"Being an older woman	 I would like a little more support in the bust area. Other than that	 it's beautiful!	review_date"
"Fits ok. Pretty true to size. I bought an xxl and it's fine. My only problem is bc its so low cut and the fabric is so stretchy	 it does nothing to make your boobs look good. Im a 42ddd	 and am not \saggy\""	 but it kust kinda makes them look like it and very far apart. Most lingerie isn't supportive	 and I wasn't necessarily expecting that	 but the design could be better. Im keeping it bc my honeymoon is too close to exchange really. Additionally	 it came complete with a bright red mark on its stark white material. I reached out to Amazon	 as I wasn't finding a way to reach the seller	 explaining the red mark and my time crunch	 but was told I would just have to return normally	 which means I would have nothing for my wedding night. That's not real acceptable. So based off the product design	 the stain	 and poor/non-existant customer service	 I'm doing something I never do	 and am giving 1 star. It's not my fault I was shipped something stained	 but I have to figure out how to fix it.""	review_date"
"Sexy and true to size.  This was purchased as a gift	 very flattering.	review_date"
"Great fit! I am 190lb and 5'4\. The xtra large fit great""	review_date"
"Love it but it runs big. I鈥檓 a 36 D and ordered a Med. it鈥檚 a little big on top. Super cute though.	review_date"
"The fabric was awful and had absolutely no shape to it.	review_date"
"Very Sexy. I love it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh around 145-150. My wear a 36B and this fit perfectly. Honestly I wouldn鈥檛 have minded it being tighter in the bust but the small was the best we could get. The garment did smell like plastic when I got it but I blame the packaging. A quick hand wash took it right out so it wasn鈥檛 the fabric. The top is see through for sure and the skirt has see through panels of lace with the sarin. Overall a very pretty gown	review_date"
"It's so comfortable and sexy my man loves it on me! Will buy more!	review_date"
"Item just wasn鈥檛 right	 in process of returning it. Picture doesn鈥檛 fit discription	review_date"
"Super fun piece! I always wanted a piece like this. Makes me feel like Queen Esther.	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"I did not like the fit of this at all.	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Nice fit. Good material.	review_date"
"It's completely see through which is the point but it's too big. The upper section runs too big and practically fell off my body! So go a size smaller than you are.	review_date"
"Love it!  Can't wait to wear it on my honeymoon!	review_date"
"So flattering! Finally something cute that hides so much!	review_date"
"Very Pretty! Bought this for my honeymoon...fits and looks just like picture	 aven the thong panty fits!	review_date"
"it fits loose...but okay	review_date"
"Should have ordered a smaller size but very comfortable.	review_date"
"Comfortable and cute	 but flimsy.	review_date"
"I bought this for my honeymoon and absolutely love it!!! As a plus size	 curvy woman it can be difficult to feel sexy in lingerie. This fit perfect and made me feel sexy without looking trashy.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very beautiful yet sooo comfortable and great quality	review_date"
"Color	 quality and excellent price.	review_date"
"I'm older and wanted something sexy but not sleazy. This is perfect. Getting them in other colors too. Fit just right.	review_date"
"Beautiful soft fits loosely. Shear but very ladylike.	review_date"
"Love this one. Love the color	review_date"
I'm 5'6\ and 130 pounds
"Fits perfectly! Comfy \u0026 flown!	review_date"
"Absolutely	 beautiful and oh so sexy.  My wife loved it and I loved the way she looked in it.	review_date"
"Lovely.	review_date"
"Wife and I both loved this item.  Sorry	 that's all you're getting from me...	review_date"
"Love it fits just right. Sexy	review_date"
"Bridal Gift	review_date"
"Great lingerie for a plus size woman	review_date"
"Soft and pretty and fits.	review_date"
"Comfortable and pretty.	review_date"
"It is really nice	 soft material	 and looks just as the picture but it is a bit to large for me around the band	 going to return it.	review_date"
"In this outfit you get both sex appeal and and Element of Class.	review_date"
"Love everything about this.	review_date"
"I liked the color. The material quality was not that great.	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"Fits as expected and I love how it feels. It just flows and makes a person like me feel sexy. Thank you because that's not easy to do.	review_date"
"This is very pretty but sadly it was a bit big on me	review_date"
"Love it! Very sexy!	review_date"
"I normally wear a size 18 or 18/20 in Lingerie. Most of my issues is that my DDD bust doesn't fit right but this fit me perfectly!!!	review_date"
"Happy with this	review_date"
"Soft and sexy.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"Very nice will get another color  as well	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but it runs large	review_date"
"I love it	 very elegant and classy.	review_date"
"Itchy fabric	review_date"
"Looks great!	review_date"
"The material is very scratchy and does not look well made. It is also a lot smaller than I hoped.	review_date"
"The seams are puckered so it looks pretty cheap.	review_date"
"excellent Thank you	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it. So soft!	review_date"
"So soft and beautiful	review_date"
"Very thin and a little bigger then expected but over all pretty	review_date"
"Fits a size bigger than what you would normally wear . Not very flattering for my body type (I鈥檓 a big woman)	 and always remember to wash with WHITE clothing only . I鈥檝e always washed my clothes together and I鈥檝e never had a white item turn pink	 when washed with red	 but this nightgown turned pink after I washed it with a red dress I own . My mistake	 but it鈥檚 better off washed alone	 on delicate cycle with bleach	 when needed to be cleaned .	review_date"
"totally loved it!	review_date"
"Fit as expected by the size chart. Very soft lace. I could sleep in this.	review_date"
"It feels very nice on your skin	review_date"
"Super cute came exactly as advertised and fits like a dream.	review_date"
"Fit perfectVery pretty	review_date"
"very nice	 its very pretty	review_date"
"Length!	review_date"
"somewhat large	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful!! My husband will drool!!!	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Beautiful nice soft material.	review_date"
"My husband loves them	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on	review_date"
"Like	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful. for reference	 I have 38鈥?bust	 29鈥?waist	 42.5鈥?hips and I got a large. It fits perfect and the material is so silky soft. It is an amazing deal for the price	 I am so impressed!	review_date"
"Let me first say how soft and BEAUTIFUL this teddy is! Literally I feel gorgeous in it.Based on the size chart I ordered a medium...well it is beautiful	 but in the back...not so much. There is a bit of extra fabric that wrinkles up so I wish I would have gotten the small because of this!**I always love reviews when people show a pic and tell their size etc so let me say:I am 5 foot 4I weigh 122 poundsI wear a size 4 jeansSmall topsI wear a 34C braAnd have a 27 inch waistLike I said it鈥檚 soft and beautiful and feels like a VS piece just 1/4 the cost.This is a must have sexy piece!Just a bit larger than expected!!	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 150 pounds and a large fit me perfectly!This is honestly better than anything I could've gotten at Victoria secret	 and my boyfriend LOVED it as a Christmas surprise. Definitely get this.	review_date"
"Just buy it. It鈥檚 comfortable	 very flattering on a size 14 (and I typically don鈥檛 feel that way). If your busty	 the strap around the neck will have the same pull as a bikini top and will slightly strain your neck but I was able to adjust it so it wasn鈥檛 too much of a bother. It was soft	 stretchy	 and husband liked it.	review_date"
"I have a petite-ish figure	 but I also have an awesome little pooch belly and I'm short.  Let's face it	 I'm a far cry from a lingerie model	 but this piece is very flattering.  The high cut legs on this make me look taller and leaner and best off all	 it covers that lil belly.  It's sexy without being trashy.  Fabric quality is what you'd expect for a mid range price.Sizing: I'm 5' (zero inches 馃槕)	 125 lbs and the medium fits great.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a mom of two and wanted something cute that I wouldn鈥檛 feel ridiculous in. This fit the bill and I am quite pleased with it. I will say	 if you have a long torso	 it will be hard to clasp the neck. I was barely able to do so without feeling like I鈥檇 rip the lace. It fit perfectly otherwise	 so I didn鈥檛 want to return it for a larger size. I鈥檓 34鈥?26鈥?38鈥?and 135lbs	 I got a size large.	review_date"
"I am SO pleased with this lace teddy! I bought for Valentines Day surprise \u0026 let's just say that my boyfriend couldn't keep his eyes or his hands off me! The fit was perfect \u0026 the material was the nicest \u0026 silkiest. This is seriously even better than anything I could have bought from Victoria's Secret. I am VERY happy with my buy! For sizing reference: I weigh 180 lbs	 5'3\ and I bought an XL and it was a perfect and comfortable fit! "
"I was skeptical of which size to order as I have a rather large chest. I normally wear a size large but ordered an x-large just to be safe. I bought this for my honeymoon along with many other pieces and this was by far my favorite. To be honest	 I didn鈥檛 expect much due to the price but I was pleasantly surprised! It is super sexy! My dude loves it. I could have gone down to a large but it worked out great regardless! Get it!	review_date"
"Far exceeded expectations. I'm just under 6 feet tall	 205 lbs and got the XXL. It fits very comfortably	 and I even have a long torso.  You know those one size fits all	 over-priced lingerie pieces you get in the little boxes at adult shops? This is nothing like that. It's actually sturdy and well made. I'm only a B cup so it was great the back has a regular bra strap thing with 3 settings. At this price	 I may get the black one too! Thanks! Oh	 and it came about 24 hrs after ordering it!	review_date"
"This is actually a nice piece. I loved how it fits. I normally wear an XL and bought the XXL based on reviews and I think I could of stay with XL. However	 it came with a dirty spot at the crotch which makes me think this was a returned item. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Cannot believe how soft and beautiful this is! So classy! Absolutely love it.	review_date"
"I buy these sort of things because my husband likes them	 but they rarely make me feel very good about myself. This one	 however	 makes me feel pretty. I would recommend this for any body type. It鈥檚 very flattering.I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 130 lbs. I bought a medium based on the sizing chart. The length is good (it doesn鈥檛 pull or choke)	 but the material is a little loose in the top and middle. I鈥檓 going to buy another one in a different color and try a small.	review_date"
"BEST LINGERIE EVER. Fits amazing	 quality is great. Made my body look beyond good. My man COULD NOT BREATHE when he saw me. Only complaint is I wish the bottom had a snap closure so you could leave it on.	review_date"
"I love this unfortunately the seams arent level on the bodice so it's crooked but I doubt my husband will notice lol I'm 5'11\ 160 and I wish I ordered the large not xl""	review_date"
"I don't often feel good in lingerie	 it more often makes me feel self conscious.  But this piece is AMAZING.  I'm not sure what magic blessed this small piece of lace	 but it is magic no doubt.  I wanted to prance about in it	 wear it about the house while sweeping the floors	 it made me feel that good.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?	 200 lbs. I got a 2X. This fit great. I鈥檓 a chubby girl so I was a little worried but this fits perfect and even though it鈥檚 sheer toward the lower stomach	 it made my tummy looks slimmer. I have small boobs but this thing pushes them together so it gave me a wonderful cleavage! Go one size up! 2 if you have big boobs!	review_date"
"Love the look and the way it fits...however the clasp at the neck is near to impossible to hook if you are putting it on yourself. I don鈥檛 know why a simple bra like hook and eye is not used for the back of the neck. After fumbling with it for a few minutes	 I decided l鈥檒l need to sew on a hook and eye myself.	review_date"
"From the picture I was hoping the leg was a little higher cut. The quality is nice. I ordered up and purchased the large. I usually wear a 6 or 8 (I am 5'8\ and weigh 140). Maybe if I had ordered the medium in would have pulled up higher on my legs.""	review_date"
"This looked great on my wife except for one thing. There is a clasp in the back (bra area) which was way too loose and big.  Everything else was completely form fitting and looked really good.  The clasp being loose ruined everything else so it was returned.	review_date"
"Sexy. I put it on and felt super sexy! I'm 5'7	 125lbs with a longer torso and the medium fit great!	review_date"
"This is a beautifully silky product. It seems very well put together and high end.Please note that it is essential to wear the behind portion as a thong (as intended) and then to fasten the neck clip or it will stress the fabric.I love this item	review_date"
"Very flattering	 even on a postpartum apple shaped body. Material is soft and not itchy. Great value.	review_date"
"I can鈥檛 lie	 when I ordered this I was skeptical on weather or not this would fit or even look like the picture. But I was very surprised when I received this item because it is a beautiful color (marroon) and fits like a dream! Not to mention I came a day early! For references I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 145 athletic build and I ordered a medium.	review_date"
"It says it鈥檚 an extra large but it is not.It did not fit. I鈥檓 a size 14	 extra large should fit.	review_date"
"I looked AMAZING in this. I got one size up based on the reviews and it ended up being too loose. Definitely going to order another one in my size. I鈥檓 5鈥? 147lbs and I鈥檓 top heavy	 I ordered a large but ended up needing a medium.	review_date"
"I normally wear a medium or a small... I got a medium lingerie and the waist part is so big on me. It鈥檚 supposed to be tight on the waist	 as far as the pictures show. I feel like if I got a small	 the length of it would be way too small	 since a medium is already tight (lengthwise). But I have to say that if the sizing was good this would be a great product.  The material was great and fits great everywhere except for the waist!	review_date"
"I Love this piece	 it looks and feels much more expensive than i thought	 i was pleasantly surprised	 the material is so soft... I will definitely purchase other garments.. It fit so beautifully	 i am 5'0\	 140lb and a Medium fit Perfectly. Hope this review helps""	review_date"
"I wasn鈥檛 sure about this as it isn鈥檛 my typical style	 but holy cow...I put this on and feel like a sex ninja!!  Total confidence booster!!  Do yourself a favor and just buy it.	review_date"
"This is the most flattering piece of lingerie.  It makes my tummy look flat and the girls look great too. The neck hooks super easy. Absolutely love this!!!!	review_date"
"I REALLY like this item looks good on and is perfect besides the fact that it runs a bit big is the ONLY issue I had.Returned and got a M and it is PERFECT! I weigh about 155lb.	review_date"
"This was a great fit! I bought a medium as I weigh 138 and I am 5鈥?鈥?tall. It鈥檚 very soft and yet I don鈥檛 feel like it pulls too much in the front. (FYI I took this out of th package and put it on a wet counter)	review_date"
"I love this outfit. It fits perfectly	 feels very comfortable to wear	 and not to mention how adorable it looks on. It was definitely money well spent. I would highly recommend this item if you鈥檙e looking for something sexy but also comfortable. That鈥檚 a hard combination to find :)	review_date"
"Used for a boudoir shoot and the color was fantastic! Fit was nice and flattering.  I will say that if you have a larger chest size and want nipples covered with the lace you may get some side boob.	review_date"
"Silky soft and exactly as pictured. I would definely but this brand from this seller again! Happy happy happy with my purchase!!	review_date"
"This piece fits true to size and is so flattering!! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 180 lbs and I felt amazing when I put it on! I ordered an XL	 because I was scared of it being too small but I probably could have gone with a large and still would have been fine because of the back bra clip.	review_date"
"Buy it! It got here really fast	 no weird scent	 dye doesn鈥檛 run	 and it fits comfortably! its beautiful and really compliments curves. I鈥檒l be buying again since I bought it M not knowing I鈥檇 fit a S.	review_date"
"She loved it	 I loved it!  What more is needed?	review_date"
"Only reason for the 4 stars is it took me 20 minutes to hook the neck strap	 could have been designed easier. But it鈥檚 serioauly stunning and amazing quality!	review_date"
"We received the item and found it to be too large especially around the torso and back. Otherwise it is visually appealing and the material is nice. It came quickly and was in a nice storage bag. We were disappointed we had to return it	review_date"
"Fits great	 really soft material and very flattering. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 wear a 38DD and ordered an extra large. Doesn鈥檛 feel cheap or itchy.	review_date"
"This teddy is beautiful. Its well made and fits true to size. Soft material and good support .	review_date"
"I am a bit of an odd size so I did have to take the straps in the back in a bit	 but otherwise it fit perfectly! This lingerie is especially well made and the color was gorgeous. It provides a little more coverage than most teddies lending it a much more classy look. I am very please with this purchase and will seek this brand out in the future.	review_date"
"I read all through the reviews	 everyone said it ran small so I ordered a size higher. It was too big. I did think the fabric quality was good and seemed to be made well.	review_date"
"Love this! Fit really well.  I am about 5'3 I wear a 12/14 in jeans and a large in shirts.  Ordered a large.  It covers my c section belly and flatters my pear shape.  I wish it had a snap at the crotch but otherwise it's great.	review_date"
"Affordable	 well fitting lingerie that accents all the right assets.  Would buy again!	review_date"
"This fits far too large and looks NOTHING like the product photo.  It came and looked much tackier than the online photos鈥? and even once I had shrunk it so that it fits	 I couldn't even wear it because the fabric was super itchy and uncomfortable.	review_date"
"LOVE THIS! Fits perfectly and is sexy! Can鈥檛 say enough good things about this outfit!	review_date"
"Hubby thinks this is the best. I think I could actually sleep in it. Win/win!	review_date"
"My personal favorite. A bit too short for my torso but maybe I am a freak. 5'8\""	review_date:January 16	 2019""	star"
"I went by other reviews and ordered a size larger. Stick with your normal size	 medium would have been perfect.  Overall still happy with the purchase.  Nice quality and arrived fast.  (I鈥檓 5鈥? and about 155 lbs).	review_date"
"I am a size 10/12	 5'5\ 170pounds. I got a soze large and it was perfect! I got it for a boudior shoot and it was absolutely amazing!!! Love the high neck line!""	review_date"
"Wore to a music festival with black pasties and got TONS of compliments!	review_date"
"Unfortunately	 the small was much too big. I wear a 32d bra	 have a 36 inch hip and 26 inch waist and the small was way too loose.	review_date"
"I LOVE this piece! I have a long torso and generally can鈥檛 wear one piece lingerie	 bathing suits	 etc. This one however fit great and is very flattering.	review_date"
"Soft material	 made well	 difficult to get into both Neck clasp and back clasp.	review_date"
"Very nice. Good quality. I did loose some weight by the time I was ready to go on my vacation but I think its safe to say its ok to size down. Its very stretchy.	review_date"
"Fit as expected.. Order if you truly want it as there are no cancellations..	review_date"
"I was worried about the booty cut	 but it fits niceley. A little loose in the stomach are but I love the overall fit.	review_date"
"This item does NOT have a snap crotch as is advertised in the heading. The material is soft and seems decent quality	 but the description is inaccurate. Returned.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 well-made and very beautiful. It runs a little small .	review_date"
"Item was amazing. Completely gorgeous and felt incredible. Looks amazing and was blown away by the quality for the price. Would highly recommend.	review_date"
"Bought to fill in some areas on a too sexy dress! Works perfectly!	review_date"
"I loved this piece. It was a bit small but still fit good if you pull it up. Its perfect the sheer top half looks gorgeous and the solid bottom half covers the stomach	which is good if you've recently have had a baby. Very soft and beautifully made will purchase again.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?	 230 pounds	 size 12/14 and the Xxl fit perfectly. It鈥檚 absolutely gorgeous. The mesh is perfectly see through and the lace is a great touch. The fabric is strong and silky soft. It doesn鈥檛 feel like it鈥檒l stretch out. I would definitely buy another in a different color.	review_date"
"Love it! Quality seems high and it holds up my 34dd girls!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 36DD bra size	 and weigh around 140 lbs. fit perfectly but I have to adjust my breasts every so often. Material is so soft and I loved the color.	review_date"
"Love the fit. it is so cute.	review_date"
"I look sexy af in this. Buy it. You will love it. I almost want to buy another one because it fits so well.	review_date"
"Super soft and silky love it !	review_date"
"A little bit big	review_date"
"I am a very picky person myself when it comes to how things look or fit on me. If something looks cheap or not perfect on me	 I won鈥檛 keep it. I love this item and so did my husband	 it looks so nice on me and I feel so sexy in it :) great product!	review_date"
"This item was delivered quickly and is made well	 not flimsy. I nought a medium as I'm 5'3\	 130lbs	 but with a 34DD bust	 I needed a little more coverage on top. It's a little big on the bottom	 but I prefer it not too right there. Overall	 it's perfect for me!""	review_date"
"Pleasantly surprised by how well this fit. All in all	 good product.	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous	 I love it!	review_date"
"Nice	 but way too small!	review_date"
"Very sexy.  Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Two small returned	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"Extremely beautiful!!! Great price	 well made and gorgeous!! I definitely recommend it !!	review_date"
"This sexy lingerie is so cute! The materials are so soft and feel really comfortable. I also love the lace floral patchwork around the bust area. It looks exactly like the pictures as described	 but the pictures on Amazon just can't capture how pretty this lingerie is. In addition	 the product arrived exactly as it was promised.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and the seller was very nice and helpful. Will order from them more!!	review_date"
"Sexy and affordable.	review_date"
"I'm a 16/18 an the 2x fit really well. An I have a long torso 5'7	review_date"
"Es super bello	review_date"
"Good quality and comfortable. Not a fan of the neck closure clasp though.	review_date"
"Instead of hanging off your neck like picture the neckline is actually a checker style and completely changes the look. Also the back is more of a sheer mesh than a full black like pictured. Returned it to find something more suitable for me.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly. Looks SO good on! Very happy! Husband loves it too and he isn't much for lingerie.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Ordered a previous Garmol outfit and loved it but this one was just ok. I鈥檓 115lbs 5鈥?鈥?tall and the small still ran very big on me	review_date"
"Great fit husband loves it as do I	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Fits larger than expected and the color is darker than expected as pictures show	review_date"
"GORGEOUS!	review_date"
"It is very well made!	review_date"
"very soft and comfortable	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this lingerie. Fit perfect	  arrived on time	 colors beautiful	review_date"
"False advertising. Does not have snap crotch.	review_date"
"I LOVE this! It's super comfortable and sexy. I'm 5'1 and 175lbs going to suprised my boyfriend for our anniversary with it. I ordered an extra large based on the reviews I'm usually a m/l.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy ....great price	review_date"
"This bodysuit is SO cute and very well-made. Based on the size chart	 I got a Medium	 but then I had to order a small	 because it was too large.	review_date"
"So Beautiful!! I usually wear a small/medium so I ordered a small. It was a little too big but I鈥檓 only 4鈥?1 with a small torso so I鈥檓 sure that鈥檚 why it was a little big. But I love it and it鈥檚 so comfy!!	review_date"
"Perfect fit!! Great price	review_date"
"My wife loved it and I........ well 馃槈	review_date"
"Super fun and sexy.	review_date"
"I absolutely love the way this fits! Using the size chart and with help from other reviews	 I was able to choose the perfect size. And with such a great material	 it鈥檚 just perfect all around!	review_date"
"Perfect for hidIng mid sectionBuy it	review_date"
"runs small get it at least 1-2 sizes bigger. really cute otherwise!	review_date"
"Well made	review_date"
"I love this outfit it's really sexy and very flattering	review_date"
"Love the color and design. Wore it once \u0026 it got a hole at the seam near bust. But I mean	 I can鈥檛 be mad because it was cheap.	review_date"
"Super cute and fit accordingly!	review_date"
"My favorite piece of lingerie. Great quality.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Great product for the price	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"Had delivery issues	 but the customer service provided by Garmol was fantastic and the product was great. Would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"I like it	 it makes you look slimmer and comfortable.	review_date"
"Size up it runs a bit small. I'm 5\8 128 IBS. Ordered medium could have gotten a large.""	review_date"
"I have the hardest time finding onesies that fit my long torso and this fits magically :) and it looks sooo good on!	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love !! Fits just right I鈥檓 a little big chested but not a problem ! I can鈥檛 wait to wear it for the music festival I鈥檓 going to 馃	review_date"
"No lie	 one of the best pieces of lingerie I've ever purchased. Super soft and fits perfectly. I'm 5'5\	 135lbs and got a Medium.""	review_date"
"Im in love with this! The material is actually good quality with a stretch. I鈥檓 a 36DD and 5鈥? and a large fit well. Will order again 馃檪	review_date"
"Love it! Looks great! It kind of squishes your boobs if you have a larger boobs	 but still super cute!	review_date"
"Good quality material that stretches  and fits just like the picture. I am a 38DD	 36 waist and 48 hips and the large fits well.	review_date"
"I have a long torso	 this fit a little short but other than that it was AMAZING! Love the material and how it fot my body! Beautiful product!	review_date"
"I am 5'2 125lbs and got a Med! Fit perfect and felt very comfortable	review_date"
"Comfy	 sexy	 has nice stretch. I鈥檓 a 40F and it holds nicely.	review_date"
"This product fits great! Feels comfortable and hides the areas I am uncomfortable with. Makes me feel sexy again.	review_date"
"looks gooood			lol	review_date"
"It was good just like the picture	review_date"
"the quality of the product Style anyway it fit my body	review_date"
"Loved it ! Everything fit perfect except the thong but it still was beautiful and my boyfriend loved it as well !!	review_date"
"Love this! The only complaint is it鈥檚 to big in areas!	review_date"
"So perfect	 looks amazing on!!	review_date"
"Very cute! Not the best quality but for the price	 I鈥檇 buy again!	review_date"
"Super sexy	 excellent quality!	review_date"
"Looks amazing definitely would recommend	review_date"
"Loved this! Flattering and fit perfect!	review_date"
"Bought it for my fianc茅e. Very Sexy!	review_date"
"I ordered 2 sizes lager and it was still too small	review_date"
"Good deal.	review_date"
"Loved the fabric and fit	review_date"
"Stretchable fits perfect	review_date"
"Yes	review_date"
"Love it! High quality !	review_date"
"This product was perfect.	review_date"
"I love it	 fits great	review_date"
"I loved the look and the fit	review_date"
"No review	review_date"
"This is beyond beautiful.	review_date"
"This was just too short on the torso.  If I was shorter this woulfld have been great.	review_date"
"I have to adjust my boobs in them every once in a while	 however that may just be my 32C. I'm 125lb and 5'5\	 I ordered Small and it fit perfectly""	review_date"
"I liked 鉁岎煆?	review_date:June 8	 2018""	star"
"Excellent nighttime wear comfort wears well fits as discribed and for price I just bought more in other colors. Worn and washed and the nighttime pj is still in same shape so I am happy to purchase a bunch without the guilt that normally comes after my Victoria secrets purchases!Daily Amazon Prime shopper for over 7 Plus years now.Mary K	review_date"
"Pretty and soft	 but VERY small.  I ordered the medium	 my normal size.  I am 5'0\ and it hit me about where it is on the model	 which was fine	 and the waist/hips were fine as well though left no room for hiding any leftover mommy tummy.  However	 the cup size...I'd have to order a 3XL just to fit my DD to DDD bust into it.  I'd say it's more accurately an A cup.  The cups are super	 super small.  There is also no support	 which I knew	 but I was hoping that the elastic band under the cups would help.  It does not.  Very disappointed.""	review_date"
"Super cute for every night wear around the house. I don't mind wearing this piece of lengerie in front of my kiddo because it covers everything. It's sleek and fits well	 very sexy piece! Even comes with a sexy pair of panties!	review_date"
"My wife loved it. She is breast feeding so it was great to get her something to feel nice and still be functional. Really soft and she says she likes how it doesn鈥檛 ride up at night.	review_date"
"It's a pretty nightie. Shows just enough but not too much. I'm 5\4'	 125lbs	 measurements 33-25-37 and I got a medium. I could have gotten a small - it was a bit too large in the chest and I had to tighten the straps to nearly over my shoulders. If you're a C cup or bigger you should be fine.The material is soft	 it's not see through	 but it's very forgiving. It stretches nicely but tightens back up after a wash.""	review_date"
"I'm really not sure what to think of this product. It fits tightly in some areas and loosely in other areas. Nothing like how other sleepwear/lingerie I have so it's confusing. I don't know if I should label it too big or too small but it definitely really doesn't fit the way I'd like it to. Also	 the material feels way too thin and delicate	 especially for sleepwear. Kind of dissappinted.	review_date"
"Nice fit. I got size Medium. I'm 5'3 / 133 lbs / 36B. It would have been ideal if just a teeny bit tighter	 but going down to a small probably would not have fit.	review_date"
"Stretchy	 soft	 and pretty forgiving size wise. It鈥檚 super comfortable and looks cute too.	review_date"
"Love love looove this nightie! It鈥檚 sexy and comfy!! Find me on Instagram if you want to ask me any questions about the product. Insta: @Tierra.The.Titan	review_date"
"At 5'2 and 95 lbs I ordered the small. And it was a just a little big. Would have gave it 5 stars if the fit was perfect. But nice material and comfy to wear.	review_date"
"I wanted to help with sizing insight. I am 5鈥? and 130 pounds. The medium was so big you could probably have put 2-3 of me in it. I bought the medium based on the size chart but I鈥檓 going to return it and buy the small and see how that fits. However	 this item is VERY soft and comfortable to wear. Loved it!!	review_date"
"Like the soft/silky fabric. Kinda like thick	 stretchy rayon.I said it fits as expected	 but I ordered a 2XX--because I always do	 I dont like super tight clothes of any kind.Actually I think its a little small sized	 but most of these oriental made clothes are.	review_date"
"Got this for Valentines Day	 but always looking for lingerie that isnt impossibly uncomfortable to wear around the house. This is perfect for that. Sexy but still doable for an evening at home. I am 5'7\	 140 lbs	 34B and the Medium fit perfectly	 and could fit a larger chest.""	review_date"
"This nightie is super cute and comfortable. I love how lightweight and soft the fabric is. It clings just right to be flattering	 and the racer back makes me feel some support. I am 5鈥?鈥?and it hits fairly high on the leg but definitely covers everything for me.	review_date"
"Super soft	 really cute. Measurements 34 27 36	 height 5'6 ordered a small. Barely covers my butt length wise	 but I have a disproportionately long torso for my height. Would recommend. Husband loves it	 I love it too... and for $12	 why not?	review_date"
"very sexy	 highlights all your curves !!	review_date"
"i like the design of this item. its just a little bigger. but not bad at all. im 4'11 the length is in knee level. Im 32'25'32	 so its not body hugging nor fitted. this one will be great fit for curves body women. fabric is soft. Overall its a good product.	review_date"
"Got a xl and with being thick it was tight and I had to keep pulling it down so I gave up. Buy 2 sizes big if you have hips and butt.	review_date"
"So sexy! Slim fit. Light	 soft cotton material. Love it! It accentuates every curve. There is no wire so no cup support but it gets the job done and looks great. Just the right amount of thigh shows	review_date"
"some what too small for a full figured woman but the color and material were great just couldn't gettop to fit. and extra surprise with the lower accessories(panties)	review_date"
"Not a bad style but if you have a large cup size may fall out (36D)Also it wasn鈥檛 stitched well as seen below (pic taken after trying it on the first time) hope it holds up!	review_date"
"Great idea to slip in something sexy but no boobies friendly.  In 34DD this dress doe not hold rhe firls in to well lol just saying	review_date"
"I ordered 3 different little sexy nightgowns from different companies and this one by far is the best. Comfortable and sexy. Can sleep in it. Breathable light material. Worth it I鈥檓 ordering more!	review_date"
"I like this a lot and wear it to bed now nightly.  I wish the fabric around the bust was a bit thicker and more supportive however.	review_date"
"I love this cute little slip	 actually i been wearing it as a night gown. I would like to own one of each color. Its a good to piece to wear on hot summer nights	review_date"
really cheesy fabric but cute
"Love this! It's so soft	 the lace is such a perfect accent	 and its a great length for me (I am 5'9\).""	review_date"
"Very comfortable and cute.  I bought one in another color after receiving my first one.  I bought the style with the lace in the corner by the straps.	review_date"
"My husband and I love this nightie! Its sexy yet comfortable enough to wear every night! I'll be buying another one in a different color!!!	review_date"
"It fits very well. I love the material because it鈥檚 not satin so it鈥檚 not hot and the length is perfect.	review_date"
"she love this dress and it looks amazing on her i got 2 of them 5/5	review_date"
"Like the nightgown	 haven't worn it for my boyfriend yet	 but will soon	 love the color as well!	review_date"
"fits well and looks great.	review_date"
"It fit great I bought a medium because I wanted to be comfortable even-though I鈥檓 a small and it fits just right! I will be buying another in a different color!	review_date"
"I love seeing it on my wife	review_date"
"Wife likes it. I like it. If possible	 makes her look even more sexy	review_date"
"Material is super soft I love this one. I would love to buy more with the same material it's so soft and fits just right	review_date"
"I wear 18/20 dress size and it fits perfect I love the simplicity of the gown...Hugs my curves....	review_date"
"Love the material! soft and smooth and feels great next to your skin.I ordered a medium as I wanted a bit more room. I have the short set version in a small and while those are great	 a sleep shirt just seems nicer a bit larger.	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy. What more could you want!! Priced well. has washed well. I love wearing it.	review_date"
"Generous fit	 roomy and hangs nicely.	review_date"
"exactly as described	review_date"
"Comfy.	review_date"
"Very comfortable material. Fits well.	review_date"
"It's a little small but other then that it is great and very soft	review_date"
"Item is very well made	 comfy	 not too short	 and made with very soft material. It fit perfect not too big and not too small. Will definitely purchase again.	review_date"
"sexy and matertial is so smooth	review_date"
"I love it. Very comfortable and sexy. Recommend this product.	review_date"
"Love this	 but after 2 washes lace under the cup tore.  Very easy fix and would still recommend	 but definitely wash in a lingerie bag.	review_date"
"This chemise lingerie is comfortable and beautiful. Soft fabric. It fit perfectly	 and it鈥檚 light and breathable for warmer summer nights. Loved the first one so much that this is my second in different colors. LOL	review_date"
"Now that I've worn it	 I'm a little annoyed...I should've ordered 3 more!!!	review_date"
"Aftwr washing smells lile burning plastic	review_date"
"soft and pretty but a little small for a xxl	review_date"
"sent back	review_date"
"Very soft and pretty	 beautiful color.	review_date"
"i think my wife liked it.	review_date"
"Inexpensive but cute	 expect to shrink as it is cotton	review_date"
"Size Doesnt Match At All	 I Wear Small And The xs Was Way To Big.	review_date"
"Material felt cheap stretched and feels itchy after two washes have not touched it since then it's uncomfortable and the sizing is bigger than what I expected	review_date"
"Fit perfect and was very comfortable. Would buy again	review_date"
"Comfy and roomy	review_date"
"Loved it it is as advertised and fits how th3 size chart states.	review_date"
"super sexy.	review_date"
"Comfortable	 light weight and opaque.	review_date"
"I love this! It is so soft	 and sexy. Best lounge outfit. Very happy with this purchase.	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks great. Back piece is scratchy	review_date"
"Super soft	review_date"
"Love it.  I am very happy with this.	review_date"
"Love love love it!! So comfortable so sexy!	review_date"
"Kind of snug but love the cross back style	review_date"
"Super cute and soon soft	review_date"
"Very fun. Looks Like the pictures. My love loves the fit and she is a 6ft lady.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"I liked everything fine but I wasn't aware it came with s thong	review_date"
"Ordered a medium	 fits like a large. Material is very smooth and luxurious feeling	 also somewhat stretchy. I ordered the gray color and it is just lovely.	review_date"
"Great nightie! The material is super soft. The length is appropriate to wear around the house and not feel naked in front of your family. Love it very much.	review_date"
"Sadly I wore this item once and the stitching under breast came undone	 I鈥檓 in the process of returning it.	review_date"
"The material felt very soft on my skin and was breathable. I am short so I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't too long on me. My boyfriend even thought it was a good look for me. Very happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Super cute and comfy.	review_date"
"Love this product doesn t look like it cost as I have paid a lot more for lingerie I order ref and it is beautiful and sexy.	review_date"
"Super soft! Material feels awesome! Fits perfect!!	review_date"
"Runs somewhat large I would measure at an XL by bust size but got a medium and it fits alright	 doesn't give full coverage but perfectly wearable. Pretty comfy and good for the price	review_date"
"Way too big! Did not fit me.	review_date"
"It's a very sexy babydoll outfit. My husband and I like it. It鈥檚 good quality and it comes with a little thong. It washes really well in cold water. I'll definitely be ordering another color.	review_date"
"I really like this sleepwear! I love the material and the style of it. I bought it in a medium and should have bought in a small.	review_date"
"Great quality. The fabric is very soft and had stretch. Super sexy and surprisingly decent quality for the price	 it looks well made and fits great! Would recommend.	review_date"
"Love it! I'm very small and this fits great! Comfortable and sexy. Husband loves it and so do I!	review_date"
"very soft	 fits great.	review_date"
"diffidently would be purchasing again it totally worth your money the material is great and is true to size i would totally recommend this	review_date"
"Feels horrible very clingy.	review_date"
"This is amazing material and I want more!!!!	review_date"
"Super soft fabric. Clings to the right places. Very sexy and comfy.	review_date"
"Very soft	review_date"
"If Youre chesty	 its a little difficult to find a good size because of how the top of it fits. Obviously the picture has a bra or something holding her boobs perfectly. But it fit me well and is super soft. Very cute	review_date"
"It doesnt look very sexy when you open it	 but dont be discouraged. It looks very good when it is ON "
"It鈥檚 good	review_date"
"I was really pleased with this sleep tank. It fit perfectly. I got a size Medium. It鈥檚 super soft and comfy to sleep in. Will be buying more.	review_date"
"This has a nice comfy feel but you need to order up 2 sizes. Great for summer!	review_date"
"Make sure to order a couple sizes bigger than you usually wear.	review_date"
"Very comfy	review_date"
"Fit nicely	review_date"
"So pretty and soft	review_date"
"ADOME Sleepwear Women V Neck Chemise Nightgown Lace Lingerie Full Slip Dress Dark Red S	review_date"
"Very comfortable!  Fit well	review_date"
"Super soft and fits great. Very flattering.	review_date"
"I ordered an extra large which is the size that I wear on top of that is stretchable material very comfortable I love it overall I give it 5 stars	review_date"
"Looks n feels great!!	review_date"
"Very comfy	review_date"
"I like the feel of the fabric	 it is very soft. Straps are adjustable. Fits the body but not well at the chest if you have a larger cup size	review_date"
"Super soft.. easy to wrinkle	review_date"
"Very comfortable  fit perfect	review_date"
"It ran a lot smaller than i anticipated for my wife. Doghouse.	review_date"
"Super clingy material	review_date"
"Great fitting. Got here on time. Good quality.	review_date"
"It's really soft and very flattering.	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Material was very nice	review_date"
"Comfortably yet sexy	review_date"
"Arrived with one of the straps unattached	review_date"
"It was perfect	 I love it.	review_date"
"Ummmm not even sure HOW to rate the sizing.  It was small in length for me - top to bottom and then it was wider than it should be...so odd odd fit for me.  I am in general pretty easy to fit as I am petite and thin and this one was all sorts of weird on.  It was truly unflattering in whole.  I can say that if you want something short and wide	 this is a good option AND it is so nicely soft	 like t shirt material.  I ended up giving mine to someone I know who thought it might work for her.  I never heard back so I am not betting it was amazing on her either.	review_date"
"So	I love this nightie for color	 stretch	 sexy look	 low back and feel but.......I鈥檓 a 120 pound 5鈥?鈥?34DDD	 so I got a M for the top	 but it was super baggy.......needles to say	 that was surprising!I washed it	 and put in the dryer to see if that would shrink it	 it did help... but I should have got a small.Also the underwear are unusable	 do to not having enough fabric in the V part starting the string too soon ...... so I just wear my own.With the off sizing	 the adjustable straps on the dress helped.I wear it about every night lol	review_date"
"Love this nighty	 so does my husband.	review_date"
"hubby loved it	review_date"
"This product had a small hole in it. It was entirely too small	 and I went by the size chart for the product. Was not happy at all.	review_date"
"There is no support what so ever for a 34G!	review_date"
"Fits perfectly!! I love how it fits snug on me.. very sexy. Material is really really soft that my husbands loves rubbing this dress when I had it on. Lol!!!Seems like he appreciate the material of the dress more than the one who鈥檚 wearing it!! 馃槃馃槣 I really recommend it!! Really comfortable to sleep on and real sexy!	review_date"
"Loved this set! Super cute on	 but not very supportive. I鈥檓 a size 36D and usually wear medium bottoms at Victoria鈥檚 Secret and this fit me great.	review_date"
"I tried this set on this morning	 and it looked so good that I took some pics to send to my guy to show him what I bought (for him to unwrap me from) lol. It is soooooo sexy!!!! I'm pretty curvy and the panty straps definitely accentuate my small waist and the curve of my hips	 while the lace accents my butt perfectly. My bust isn't fantastic	 but the bra is sexy too and I still look like a million bucks in it. He's gonna LOVE it in person. His response to the pic was \Yummy 馃構\"" so it's a hit already!""	review_date"
"Love this	 man friend loves it. I'm 5'9\ and 200ish pounds and it makes my boobs look amazing and my unfortunate flat butt actually look pretty good. I highly recommend to all sizes.""	review_date"
"I will be returning as I did npt recieve the item pictured :(  Very disappointed as I had ordered to wear as a surprise on my anniversary**update**  will excellent customer service the seller promptly contacted me amd corrected the error.  I have received the correct bridal set and it is comfortable and fits perfectly. I highly recommend and will definitely be doing more business with them in the near future!	review_date"
"If I could give less stars I would. It came literally cut. Someone cut the fabric up into peices. Who does that!? I鈥檝e never been so livid.	review_date"
"Absolutely LOVED it! \u0026 So did my husband. I'm 5'4	 140 lbs. and I got the Medium to be on the safe side especially since I have bigger hips. It was perfect!	review_date"
"If you want something to make you feel and look beautiful and confident	 then this set is it! After having my 2nd child this year	 I was looking to find something to give me some confidence back. Not only is the design unique	 but the color is vibrant and stunning. I chose the purple. I'm 5'3	 140 lbs	 a 36C and got a medium. It fits perfectly. The top is nice also because there isn't a clasp	 so it's easy to tie and untie. Very happy with it!	review_date"
"Super bummer with the sizing. I bought the large set	 and I normall wear size medium-large panties and a 36DD bra. The bra fit like a small and the panties fit like an XL	 so I can鈥檛 wear either. If the sizing was more accurate	 I鈥檇 rate 5 stars because the elastic is stretchy	 the lace is soft and stretchy	 and everything seems to be made well. I鈥檒l be seeing if I can return everything. : (	review_date"
"Super cute	 and true to size. I ordered an XL. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?177lbs 34D. The only negative thing I can say is that one of the outter straps around the boob is sewn wrong...but who鈥檚 going to notice that anyways :) Of course you can鈥檛 expect Victoria鈥檚 Secret quality when your only paying $13.00.	review_date"
"I was really surprised at how soft the lace was and am impressed at how the fabric has held up. My only complaint is that there was a white tag down to the front of the crotch area and I wasn鈥檛 able to cut it completely off. But	 other than poor tag placement	 it is a great piece!!Note:  Not as flattering on women with a short torso (like me). It will look a lot better on you if you have a long torso.	review_date"
"Super sexxyy. I got a Med.. Im 5'8 and 135pds. Cup 34C and bralette fit perfectly. Bottoms were a littttle bigger but can still make it work. Buy it! Pretty true to size.	review_date"
"Cheap ugly and bit at all what I expected. I am bugger on top but tiny on the bottom which means the outfit as I ordered it looked AWFUL. I鈥檓 5鈥?0	 super lean	 120lbs.	 and I think I have the body for it so essentially it was a waste of a purchase and big dissatisfaction and disappointing purchase.	review_date"
"This item is spot on! I鈥檓 a DD and bigger hips and butt. I got the XL in teal blue. There is some give in the elastic so that it鈥檚 snug on your curves but not tight	 (don鈥檛 look like a stuffed sausage.) The bra is also with elastic give	 like a good bikini you would buy in the store	 so it fit perfectly over my bust. Very sexy and elegant. Would definitely recommend it. Good quality and thoughtful placement of appliqu茅s.	review_date"
"Bought this in the purple and loved everything about it	 decided to get the red and was majority disappointed. The material is slightly different and the fit is way looser. The bottoms have strings that attach on the bottom of the inside	 causing it to scrunch up and roll.. not even able to tweak it to fix this problem	 total waste of money	review_date"
"Super sexy lingerie set! Fits very nicely and comfortably	 and even as a curved girl	 the strappy details don't cut in to my skin and are very flattering :) Definitely just for looks	 though	 sunce it's very see through and not very supportive. But I wanted something just to look cute and sexy and this is definitely it!	review_date"
"This is sexy but know that it is very cheap quality. The bows look ridiculous. But it is a sexy cut set.	review_date"
"So cute and so sexy! The bottoms fit great (I鈥檓 usually a size 2 but with an above average booty for my size). The top was a little small for my 30G chest	 but with an outfit like this	 complete coverage isn鈥檛 really what I鈥檓 worried about!	review_date"
"HAWT. Love the underwear and the way the strips of material enhance your hips and stomach. Way sexy and the little bows are cute. A nice addition to steam up the night... or day... or lunch time romp. :)	review_date"
"I buy a ton of lingerie and no	 not everything I get is as high quality as Victoria鈥檚 Secret	 but this set is ridiculously cheap. It still looks great on	 but it feels scratchy and uncomfortable. It鈥檚 just obviously low quality material and not put together well either.	review_date"
"I bought this lingerie for my wedding night. It arrived ripped straight out of the package and looked (and was) cheaply made. It also looked like it would be too small. I returned it and would not buy again.	review_date"
"Super soft! The color is really cute! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? weigh 167lbs with bigger hips/thighs and a large fit perfectly. The top can be adjusted because of the string ties. The bottom was stretchy	 so it fit well. The packaging was great and it arrived on time.	review_date"
"I'm a 32ddd and  size 3/4 jeans. I bought a small.  I knew the bra part wouldn't fit but I bought mainly for the panty . Panty wasn't very fitted .  and the strings were also loose on me . Nonetheless	  great material. And very sexy my man loved it	review_date"
"My husband loves it and that is what matters most. It is a decent set  for the money. Love the color (blue )	review_date"
"This was super cute	 but the smell was horrible. It was a gift for a bridal shower and I was embarrassed to even wrap it and I didn鈥檛 want to take the tags off to wash it first. Ewww. So musty and wet smelling.	review_date"
"Cheapy	 expected for the price. Only three stars because the top was ill fitting	 but I will still use the bottoms!	review_date"
"Very nice and sexy too 	 seems to be made well	 would buy again.	review_date"
"Super cute... I am 5'1\ 1 07 lbs size 34C  bra a little small but nothing i can't live with ... Hubby loves it !!!!""	review_date"
"I bought this in red to wear as a special Christmas gift for my boyfriend and he loved it just as much as I did when I found this. The top is really cute but the panties are super cute! I wear a XL and normally have to order a size up when I get lingerie online but since XL was the biggest size available I got that and it fit perfect. Would definitely buy it again in another color.	review_date"
"The blue fit perfectly but the red in the same size did not. The bottoms were too big like a large and the top was about an A cup. I was in Maui and literally took it off and dropped it in the trash. Best of luck.	review_date"
"馃憤馃憤	review_date"
"Doesnt cover much butbsexy on a 38ddd	review_date"
"Wow! Better than expected. Especially for the low price. Very sexy!	review_date"
"Style is cute but the way it fits is not flattering as it's loose. Lace is of cheap quality	 which I should have expected with buying it for cheap.	review_date"
"I love it! It fits perfect and the White is a perfect brilliant white. If you wear it atalingerie party I suggest nude pasties underneath. It is see-through. It鈥檚 perfect.	review_date"
"This is cute and the material is nice but the sizing seems off. The bottoms are bigger than expected and the top smaller than what you would expect to get to go with the top.	review_date"
"I was surprised how nice it was for the price I paid. The material is stretchy and didn鈥檛 squeeze at the hips. I ordered my regular size and was pleased with the fit.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 140 and curvy. A small fit me well and the material is stretchy. Don鈥檛 worry about having small breasts and a bigger bottom	 the top has string which makes it adjustable. This was my first amazon lingerie purchase and I鈥檓 very happy with it!	review_date"
"This is very beautiful and sexy	 but it does seem to run a little small. Covers much less than shown in the picture	 but still very sexy.	review_date"
"The bra isn鈥檛 a solid cup like I expected	 so I鈥檓 a little less enthused to wear it. The underwear also doesn鈥檛 fit as I thought. So I鈥檓 a little disappointed. Still cute	 but I wouldn鈥檛 recommend wearing it out and about.	review_date"
"Very upset!~ I ordered this same piece a few months ago and it fit true to size. I buy another one and it fits like a medium and not a small. The bottoms are way too large	 falls right off of me.	review_date"
"To large for me even though I got a small I鈥檓 113 pounds 5	5 5	6 in a half tallWaste of money	review_date"
"Cute \u0026 comfortable. Didn't really love the bows	 so I cut them off. Still looked great.	review_date"
"Very sexy and soft. The bra party was slightly smaller but it鈥檚 ok. Bought in the color red also!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 145. I ordered a medium. The bottoms fit great. But the top was too small. I wear a 36c in bras but idk if the top is just supposed to fit small... It鈥檚 a great product though	review_date"
"Loved it! I'm flat chested therefore it covers them very well. Relieved 馃檪	review_date"
"I have owned this product for a while and washed it several times and it is holding together very well. The design is really nice too!	review_date"
"Bra fit well but undies WAY too big. I'm 5.7	 130 lb.Ladies	 DO NOT BUY THIS unless you like the feel and look of extremely cheap material. I'm not joking. I like how the bra looks but it's so cheap that I wouldn't dare have my man touch me in it. CHEAP! CHEAP material.	review_date"
"I guess for the price of this	 its not all horrible. But for me it was. You can tell it was cheaply made and it was too small every thou i bought an XL. And for my natural 38DD boobs	 it did nothing for support or making them look sexy. I am returning this.	review_date"
"Was expecting it to not fit	 or be poor quality- however it was perfect. Washes well.	review_date"
"Waaaayyyyy too small. If you even remotely have a woman's body	 it's too small. I went a size up and still freakishly too small.	review_date"
"Really low quality	 I got a small but it fit more like a medium. Not impressed.	review_date"
"So	 the top cute. But the bottom fell right off.. I ordered a small. The bottoms looked and fit like a large.. Was very disappointed.	review_date"
"So sexy on.  I wore it the day it arrived and my hubby loved it.  Fit just as expected.  I ordered a M and I am a 36D.	review_date"
"I ordered this for my wife and she loves the way it looks on her. I was intimidated when I opened it but she figured out how to put it on and feels sexy in it. Well with the money!	review_date"
"Gorgeous!! Cute and adventurous outfit. I wear a small and it fit true to size. Can鈥檛 eait to see wear for my boyfriend!	review_date"
"arrived broken. Not even worth the work to sew it back together. Junk	 don't waste your money.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy my husband loved seeing me in them	review_date"
"You get what you pay for! I would not get this for a particular special occasion.	review_date"
"First I will say the shipping sucks almost two months before I received. Second I鈥檓 not a big person whatsoever I鈥檓 5鈥? 125lbs early 20s and this might fit a baby doll I ordered size large and the straps to tie around your back are soooo small this is a nightmare. Save yourself the money and trouble.	review_date"
"Wife Looks Hot!  Says it's very comfortable.	review_date"
"Bright color and great fit! I'm 5'5 and 125 lbs and	 although the bottoms looked big	 both pieces ended up fitting nicely.	review_date"
"Too small	 straps are notflexibke to go around curves.	review_date"
"I didn't see the straps were ones you tie like a string bikini which was strange. Only on the top though	  bottoms are all connected. It's ok.  You get what you pay for	review_date"
"Cute but ran about a size small	 especially on top!	review_date"
"Very good quality and looks exactly the same with images. But would recommend a smaller size than ur usual size	review_date"
"Very cute set! Great quality for the price. Wish they had similar options in other colors.	review_date"
"Just wish the bra was padded	review_date"
"Bottoms ripped after one use	review_date"
"I have no idea why my order has a xxl bottom and an xl top. I now have to return this and that stinks because I would have really liked it. The fabric is stretchy and soft. I will not order another	 the frustration isn鈥檛 worth it.	review_date"
"I bought this item for my best friend bridal shower ....its not the same picture you people advertise .....this is a total different material	review_date"
"It doesn鈥檛 get better than this for the price! I am 5鈥? and 140 pounds. The small fit me perfectly and was stretchy enough that if I gained or lost 5 lbs it would be no big deal. I love these and my boyfriend told me I looked like the best Christmas present he鈥檇 ever received! 10/10 would buy this again	review_date"
"Comfortable and great color!	review_date"
"Feels cute and looks cute	review_date"
"I really like it! Held up fine in the wash too. I weigh about 126 lbs and got a medium. It fits fine but I sort of wish I had gotten a small. Still cute!	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Great value and quality product.	review_date"
"Cute	 but too small. Size up a few	review_date"
"Bought in size large and it fits great. I'm 165 lbs	 5'4 and have DD boobs. Fit nicely	 covered my boobs and although there is no cups or wires you can tie it tightly for some lift. It looks great.	review_date"
"Good quality and a beautiful product.	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 even the bottoms which usually don't.	review_date"
"very stringy and cheap	 way too small. size up 2 or more sizes	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 usually have trouble when it comes to items like this because I鈥檓 pretty small	 but I loved how u can adjust it around the neck and back so it can fit to your liking	review_date"
"Ok. Doesn't fit the way Ineas expecting. The size was ok	review_date"
"Great can鈥檛 wait to give to my husband on Christmas	review_date"
"great for the price. The panty is a little big but the bra is super sexy!	review_date"
"I really liked them	 but I chose the wrong color 馃槶. It was really soft and comfy and didn't rip at all... Other than that the only complaint I have is"
"LOOKS GREAT ON THE LITTLE LADY	review_date"
"Had to buy 2 separate times and the top still didn鈥檛 fit. It is way too small.	review_date"
"THIS IS CHEAP	review_date"
"good price	review_date"
"The top fit great but the bottoms were so midsized. I'm lucky I know how to sew. The company did contact me for a refund.	review_date"
"Cute and well made	review_date"
"fits very small. If you have large breasts this will not work	review_date"
"Ordered for a bachelorette party. The bride loved it!!!	review_date"
"The material was a little on the itchy side	 but after the first wash it was not a problem!	review_date"
"I love it .I am  5. 4 and 130 pounds and I ordered small and came perfect. Good quality and it's very sexy I think  it can fit anybody. Exactly like the picture and the descriptions	review_date"
"Size s fit my model size she 33C 22 28 n she love it!	review_date"
"My man loved this! The only reason I didn鈥檛 give it 5 stars is the material does seem a tad cheap but other than that it doesn鈥檛 stay on for long so that鈥檚 not a huge deal!	review_date"
"Wife loved it	 me too	"
"Husband loves it	review_date"
"This is a really cute 2-piece set! Just to let you know	 though	 the blue is actually a lighter shade (more like baby blue) as opposed to the dark blue in the photo.	review_date"
"Perfect in all ways. I have this is every color!	review_date"
"It looks like what it does in the picture ... All the while looking/being cheaply made. It feels more like a costume than it does actual lingerie.	review_date"
"Fits great I ordered a small I鈥檓 about 5鈥? 125 pounds small boobs fianc茅 loved it	review_date"
"5鈥? 185 and ordered an xl panties are really comfy and fit great. Top runs a little small. Lace is soft :)	review_date"
"This is a sexy little thing. A bit of elastic give	 even though I'm a big girl! The straps on the waist aren't as sexy on a curvy full-figured size 12	 but it was still very fun and flattering!	review_date"
"It was a lot smaller than I'd thought it'd be. It was pretty	 just wasn't for me.	review_date"
"I ordered a size bigger than I normally wear and it stil for two sizes to small. It was not made like the pictures at all very cheaply made and sewn together.	review_date"
"Bought this one and fit as expected.thanks love it	review_date"
"Pretty comfortable	 but not super soft. (not itchy!!)	review_date"
"great material	review_date"
"Fit great	 if pregnant consider this for a sexy night	review_date"
"Clearly cheap but super cute. Wore it once and it served its purpose LOL. Bottoms were a bit too big	 I ordered a small and I'm a size 0-1 in pants.	review_date"
"My husband absolutely love it! Is beautiful and comfortable. I will be ordering more in other colors.	review_date"
"Really cute and good quality for the price point!	review_date"
"Love love	review_date"
"Same as pictured. He literally said *I love this* so I guess that was the most important part. The panty seemed bigger and the bra seemed small but they both fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Poorly made. The straps on the panties popped while trying to put them on. The bra was cute but tie around the neck was uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Made me feel real comfortable and attractive. I'm a really self conscious person but I felt great in this. The boyfriend liked it too	review_date"
"This product is great	 my husband loves it just wish the bottoms was a little bit more smaller and fitting but other than that it's great!	review_date"
"came on time fit great and looks great	review_date"
"looks amazing on my gf.	review_date"
"nice fit	review_date"
"Kind of impossible to put on.	review_date"
"Very sexy 2 piece. Only compliant is the bows fell off on bra while trying it on. That's disappointing but the rest was fine.	review_date"
"I really like the top but since I have a bigger chest I had to size up and now the bottoms fit a bit big. Was hoping it鈥檇 be the opposite after reading reviews but will still be wearing it for the husband.	review_date"
"These bottoms fit great	 but this top didn鈥檛 fit my 36DD鈥檚 like I wanted it! I would鈥檝e liked if there was an option to order a large top and medium bottom	review_date"
"Fit perfect and so fun and sexy.	review_date"
"I received this beautiful and sexy underwear a few days ago	 I put it on that night	 my husband was crazy for me. It gave me a perfect night	 I will continue to look for more styles	review_date"
"Surprisingly good. I like the color. I thought it would have been big for me	 but it fits well	 I鈥檓 usually in XXS or XS.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 sexy and I love it when my girlfriend wear it!	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexy	review_date"
"Color is on point fit as expected	review_date"
"hot damnnnnn	 my husband is going to love this.	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Very good quality for price. Hubs approved too! Would recommend!	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Bottoms are big on my and the top fits a little too small. Super cute.	review_date"
"This fits me perfectly and it鈥檚 so cute. My boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"it鈥檚 cute on but the top is a bit small :/	review_date"
"Very scratchy and cheaply made	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 like it	review_date"
"cute - fast delivery :)	review_date"
"Looks cheap in person and the top was SO tiny even in a size medium. Medium bottoms fit and I鈥檓 a size 4.	review_date"
"Good material and looks really nice	review_date"
"I liked the quality of the material. The only thing was that the top was too small but the bottoms fit perfect. I got a size small.	review_date"
"I love it . I brought the red one and it鈥檚 so hot looking. I like the detailed on it .	review_date"
"I cant get it any smaller so it fit like i expected technically xD a small is NOT small	 if you are a sprite such as i	 so sorry xD	review_date"
"Not exactly what I expected in the top. There was no underwire so it felt like wearing a swimsuit.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Just like the picture in my opinion. I got the black! My husband loves when I wear this.	review_date"
"Crappy material two sizes larger than it should be. No redeeming qualities.	review_date"
"Do not like the quality of this product. When washed it was destroyed.	review_date"
"Super sexy and it makes me feel insanely confident considering buying these in the other colors as well	review_date"
"Overall great quality item.  Just the bottoms were excessively large.  The two straps were fine	 but the lace part of the bottoms were very very loose.	review_date"
"Fit is okay.  Quality is nice enough	 but the ribbon bands don't lay well and tend to tangle.	review_date"
"This was cute! However the medium bra is kind of small. The top is like a bikini you have to tie it.	review_date"
"Super ticked off about the the lingerie I received holes in the underware馃槨 all the bows are crooked and the tops too small.	review_date"
"Rough texture	 bottoms for great	 top was too small. Had I ordered a medium the top would have fit great but the bottoms would have been big. I am 5鈥? about 130lbs with a c cup.	review_date"
"Loved the color	 Fit amazing. Absolutley love it.	review_date"
"I am 5'7\ and 160 lbs. I usually wear a 36C or D. I ordered a Medium and the top was way too small. There's no way that the top would have covered me in slightest. I didn't try the bottoms on because I am returning it	 but they looked like they would have fit just fine	 so there is a slight difference in the top and bottom sizes.""	review_date"
"Very poor quality. The top is a mesh bikini-style ties and the bottoms are very tall and awkward fitting.	review_date"
"Sooooo tiny- went by suggested measurements and it could fit a 5 year old 馃槪	review_date"
"I'm so glad i got this. Made me feel sexy. I'm a 36C and 10 in pants and got a large	 it fit me just right.	review_date"
"I liked the way this item fit. I am petite but it still fit me. It was a good purchase for the price.	review_date"
"Fit great	 super comfortable	 very sexy.  My husband and I both loved it.  5'7\ 143lbs 36c. Woul definitely recommend!!!""	review_date"
"Great addition to the wardrobe for my girlfriend	review_date"
"Get your lady dis	review_date"
"Worked well for 1 wear. Top strap broke second time I tried it in.	review_date"
"This product fits fine but it looks super cheap and trashy so i dont like it	review_date"
"I love it	 but I only got to wear it once. The strapy sides broke on the underwear.	review_date"
"very. beautiful	review_date"
"Looked just like the picture. Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Very sexy and beautifully made. I'm impressed with the quality	 especially for such a good price.	review_date"
"Love it	 and boyfriend loved it extra!	review_date"
"Fit much better than expected for full figure woman	review_date"
"So the bra is a large and its too small for a d cup i unfortunately found out...	review_date"
"Fits great!	review_date"
"Bra is too little it's a large fits like extra small	review_date"
"The bottom straps snapped off the first time I put it on. Terrible quality.	review_date"
"Dear God do not buy this... Literally held together by threads and nothing like pictured	review_date"
"Super sexy! Great purchase want one in every color.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	review_date"
"5鈥? 155lbs	 34C and medium fit perfectly	 very flattering.	review_date"
"Top fit perfect bottoms were a little loose	review_date"
"My boyfriend and I loved it!  Very sexy and true to size	review_date"
"She is hot and it	review_date"
"Outfit was amazing! My girlfriend and myself loved it!	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfortable and fit well.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"I got a small but the bottoms fit more like a medium.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Top is small but sexy	review_date"
"Really cute but the xlarge runs small	review_date"
"Me encanto horma perfecto al cuerpo. Divino	review_date"
"Great product.	review_date"
"Great outfit. Fits perfect	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Fits great! Love it! Super fast shipping!	review_date"
"Muy grande	review_date"
"Old lady loves it	review_date"
"It looks great	review_date"
"It's bright!	review_date"
"Junk buyer beware	review_date"
"This is such a beautiful set!! First of all	 not sure what's up with the seller's pictures	 but instead of being a hideous off teal	 the lingerie is a beautiful sky blue color. It's quite adjustable	 you can move the lace cups around and adjust it like a halter bathing suit basically	 so around rib cage and behind neck you can tie it looser or tighter depending on your wants/size	 and the string part on the panties are adjustable too as in you can move them down if you need to avoid love handles	 or if you're more fit or don't care you can leave them around your lower/mid stomach area.	review_date"
"Honestly based my opinion off a review where the girl said she's typically a medium at victorias secret in panties and she got a large. So I got a large! The panties could be a medium for me and my breasts are pretty much to big for the top but I'll still wear it with heels bc my husband will still think it's hot haha. Anywho I'm 5'9 and 130 lbs! Got a booty and d boobs so if that helps yall at all!	review_date"
"I really wish I was as brave as some of you ladies with your photos	 cause this set is so flattering!  I'm top heavy so I purchased a large knowing the bottoms would be too big but the top would fit perfectly	 and it did.  I'm a 34DD and a small in bottoms.  I purchased a large and the top fit just right! I may go back for another color :)	review_date"
"Read the other reviews and took a chance by ordering one size up	 bought it as a surprise gift for my girlfriend to have when I get to come visit her for a week since she is away for the summer on an internship.She loved it and even though I haven鈥檛 gotten to see the full item in person yet	 she says it fit great with no issues. Delivered on time as well so would definitely recommend and keep in mind what other reviewers have said as well in regards to the fit running a size smaller than normal.	review_date"
"I purchased this for my honeymoon hoping it would be very sexy like the picture shows! I am 5鈥? and 160 pounds	 I normally wear a medium or large in my underwear. I purchased a Large	 the top fit fine but the bottoms fit like a size small	 and they weren鈥檛 what was pictured	 the criss cross strings were sown in at the bottom of the butt	 and don鈥檛 even somewhat sit on my butt like the picture shows. Overall disappointed	 especially after going back and looking at the pictures as well as other purchasers pictures.	review_date"
"I bought this in a medium and it fit well! I am 5鈥?鈥?and 145 lbs	 34C. Beautiful product!	review_date"
"A.  Ummmm	 those panties though	 right?  RIGHT!  They are just as comfortable as they are cute! The little tie in the back is such a sexy added bonus.B.  I'm always amazed by how soft the lace is with this company.  It feels like I'm wearing something four times as much.C.  If you have very large breasts	 the bralette may not hold them you well (I have that problem)	 but it covers what needs to be covered	 and you just can't get away from just how comfortable it feels and how comfortable I feel in it.I just wish the straps were a bit thicker.	review_date"
"This two piece lingerie looksnice on only thing is this oneis more for skinny than chubbygirls lol it looks nice and prettyon but for me since im chubbyand im picky with how i look inmy stuff its not a go for me butits really pretty and cute. Thematerial is soft and nice andit looks as shown on the picture..	review_date"
"Extremely cute and sexy  i lovethe chest part it looks super sexyand unique for a surprise night foryour husband. I made a surprisenight for my husband using thisand he was amazed... the color isas shown and its made out of areally good material.. i also lovethe bow in the front and i like thati can do a bow in the back also...the hearts on the chest part makeit different and unique...	review_date"
"I am 5'5''	 34A and usually wear size S~M underwear.I order S. It's fit me. The underwear a little bit big but I can still wear.	review_date"
"I'm just under 5'4 and around 125-130 lbs	 34B/C. I got the medium and it is very comfortable	 although a bit loose	 so if you want a tighter fit small is probably better. The bottoms are great	 I think they are flattering for my body type (narrow hips	 especially as compared to waist). Don't expect a ton of support from the bra. Even when I tightened the straps all the way the fabric is just too light to give support. Overall happy with this. Also the description says hook closure	 this is not the case	 it is slip on.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 blowing hot and cold for this lingerie set...whilst my husband had no complaints	 he loved it	 I have some of my own. It鈥檚 to big. I wear a small in everything	 and I mean everything. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?at 115 lbs. both the top and bottoms are just slightly to big	 I wish they were snugger	 the top doesn鈥檛 have any boning in the sides to make the top look nice and hold its shape. Meaning if your boobs aren鈥檛 as big as watermelons	 it won鈥檛 fit right or look the way you want it to	 which is disappointing and frustrating	 most women are smaller chested and don鈥檛 need so much 鈥渞oom鈥?in the top	 unless you鈥檙e a bigger woman..which you shouldn鈥檛 be buying skimpy lingerie if you are. All in all it just could have been a lot better made	 the color is nice tho	 and the lace is super soft. I ordered the size small and it was to large in the bust	 cups	 and straps. Like I said they made it as if every woman on earth has watermelons for boobs	 And they don鈥檛 make an extra small	 lame.	review_date"
"This is very sexy and fit very good. My only complaint is the fact that the top is not structured enough for someone with big breasts. I wear a size 36 D bra size and the material does not support them enough. But other than that it鈥檚 very cute and I like it.	review_date"
"Panties and bralette are cute but the only complaint I have is that in the picture	 the bra lifts and pushes her boobs together. The real one doesn鈥檛 do any of that. No lifting whatsoever	 so I stitched the front together a little bit to give me some cleavage but it鈥檚 lace so it鈥檒l probably tear eventually.	review_date"
"I can understand that colors can be different on each monitor	 so I find the color difference only mildly upsetting.However	 the actual quality of the bralette set is horrendous. They look nothing like the picture and are made of a cheap	 scratchy \lace\"" material. The panties don't even have a gusset. It's like they made half the product and then just gave up. I would expect this quality from a $2 bralette set	 not an $18 one.""	review_date"
"I'm a size 14 and bought an xxl. Fits perfectly!! Love it.	review_date"
"I order from this company often because I love their stuff	 but this is one of my favorites now. I鈥檓 super busty and it鈥檚 dainty	 yet supportive \u0026 sexy. The lace is really soft to the touch and it鈥檚 so flattering on. I want it in more colors \u0026 may order more!! I鈥檓 a size small/4	 34DD and a small fit great. Definitely recommend!!	review_date"
"ohhhh yes you need this in your collection. If you're looking for sexy look no farther. Honestly i couldn't keep my husband off me when i wore this out under a dress. If you want to drive your partner crazy- this is your best choice.	review_date"
"I ordered this in a XL thinking it would not fit right ans it is perfect!!! Great quality and the color is vivid!! So glad I purchase this set instead of going to the mall!!	review_date"
"I am 5ft 3 at 163 pounds and the large was fitting for me.  There is not much support but lucky 36C are still perky enough to stand on their own.  I think the set is adorable.  Still have to test it out with the boyfriend.	review_date"
"Wow	 this set is much nicer than I was expecting! The material is so soft and not at all itchy	 and I've had more expensive lace undies that were worse quality than this! And the bra gives me more lift than the $30 PADDED bralette I was previously wearing before this. Honestly well worth the money. This set is both comfy and sexy.	review_date"
"I love this bralette set! I have to say it is one of the most beautiful pieces of lingerie I have seen. The packaging	 the quality	 the detail	 the fit	 everything is beautiful and my two favorite things for clothes are lace and color. Overall	 I'm very satisfied with the set and the quality of the fabric.	review_date"
"I love this set! It鈥檚 sexy	 cute	 classy	 \u0026 comfortable. It doesn鈥檛 roll like other brands do	 which can be annoying. It also didn鈥檛 create the muffin top that I鈥檝e experienced with most other brands.	review_date"
"The lingerie is very nice. I am 5鈥?	 135 and the underwear and fit well. I gave it three stars because the underwear on me seem to fit a little snug.	review_date"
"Really really beautiful! The lace is soft....feels like a much much more expensive set....If you are looking for bra support this won't do it for you though...	review_date"
"This  is a very pretty set. The only thing I would like different is I can't tie the string on the panties into a bow	 just a knot otherwise it fits great.	review_date"
"Stretchy! Adjustable straps were great. 5鈥?鈥?150 pounds medium was perfect!	review_date"
"Very sexy and I feel very sexy in this outfit.  This brand of lingerie is very soft	 more like a high end brand of products.  The price is perfect and will keep me coming back for more of their stuff.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Very cute	 of your over a DD this top won鈥檛 work for you	 I struggle finding something like this to fit properly so I鈥檓 not mad about it lol	review_date"
"Really nice quality for the price but I definitely don't have the booty to fill it out! I have returned it and the return process was really easy I just wish it would have fit!	review_date"
"This is a sexy set to wear under a date dress as a little surprise at the end of the night. There鈥檚 no undwire. I bought a small. I鈥檓 a 34A and weigh 130 lbs...and it fits great!	review_date"
"Girlfriend loves it... spices up bedroom	review_date"
"Cute lingerie set for a great price! This is an absolute must have	 I ordered it few days ago and I received it almost immediately. The lace was a bit stretchy and very comfortable鈥攄id not itch at all. This purchase was spot on and you can鈥檛 beat the price.	review_date"
"This lingerie set fit perfectly. It is absolutely beautiful and sexy. I was surprised by the quality of the lace for the price as well. The underwear actually fit perfectly which was a pleasant surprise. High quality outfit for a special night.	review_date"
"This by far is one of the sexiest outfits I bought. Such good quality and craftsmanship I love it I would recommend it	review_date"
"Was perfect. Always worried buying any apparel in line as im a larger girl. But this came and fit exactly as expected. Hearts stay in place way better than i could imagine	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Everything looks good so farJust arrived and I don鈥檛 see any problems although I have it tried it on yet	review_date"
"Barely any fabric. I have a larger chest and was worried the fabric wouldn鈥檛 hold up. Wore it once but not very comfortable so not likely to wear it again.	review_date"
"Will buy in another color. Geeat quality. Does run a little big though. I typically would wear a small/medium. i could've gotten away with an xs.	review_date"
"The bra did not have the support that I needed.  It is very cute for a short \show\"". The panties are very sexy and left a nice amount of cheek out.""	review_date"
"I like how it fits. Very sexy and flexible. This lace is very soft and comfortable! Affordable and looks very sexy and beautiful on. Good quality for the price. Happy with it.	review_date"
"The bottom was an slight big but it still felt good under my dress last night.	review_date"
"Fits great looks great	review_date"
"I looooove this material! It鈥檚 so soft and doesn鈥檛 dig into my skin even though its a snug fit. It鈥檚 perfect to wear under regular clothes for added motivation in your day!	review_date"
"Believe it or not my 32b cup fits perfect in this outfit couldn't be happier	review_date"
"Not bad which the material was slightly softer but still really sexy and nice	review_date"
"Love this set! It fits so well and is very comfortable! The material is really soft. The lace feels very nice and soft against the skin. The bottoms fit perfectly well. I love it!	review_date"
"Very cute piece and material is nice! The color is flattering on my skin. It fit perfect and it feels very comfortable and sexy to wear. Gorgeous piece.	review_date"
"very very sexy.  fits perfect.  nice two piece.  Would love to have more colors in this.	review_date"
"Great sexy	 nicely made	 well fitting 2 piece lingerie set. Really cute cutouts on bottom on back and front.	review_date"
"It is absolutelly gorgeous. True to size according their chart. Fits very well. Can't believe this for the price!!! Fabric is so soft and comfortable. Very happy.	review_date"
"The top is way too small for my DD boobs. Not anything special.	review_date"
"Perfect fit and sexy! this is seriously my favorite lingerie set right now. The sizing is very forgiving and very stretchy. It is comfortable and not scratchy. Will buy again.	review_date"
"Its very sexy	 but a little small. It is still wearable so I didn't return it	 just smaller than how I like my robes to fit. I'm a size 12. 5'3 and 180lbs	review_date"
"I Bought this for my husband and he LOVED it. I'm (Petite) And I was worried that one would fit better then the other but Both fit me perfect.I Bought this for my husband and he LOVED I Bought this for my husband and he LOVED it. I'm (Petite) And I was worried that one would fit better then the other but Both fit me perfect.	review_date"
"PerfectThis is so comfortable comes off quickly when you need it too lol	review_date"
"Perfect and sexy	review_date"
"I love this! I bought the red one. It鈥檚 a cute little set to wear underneath your clothes maybe for a date. I鈥檓 sure he wouldn鈥檛 mind untying the string in the back of the panties 馃槈 Also	 I love that the panties fit high 馃檶馃従	review_date"
"This set fit so comfortably! I love the bralette and the panty. I can wear them all day without a problem!	review_date"
"Love it!!  Bought an xl it's a little bigger than I would've liked but still good.	review_date"
"Very cute and well made for the money.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful bra and panty set! This is a beautiful set	 especially for the price. It's soft	 pretty	 and comfortable. They fit as expected. My husband would love it. LOL	review_date"
"Very cute to use on a date or to feel sexy.  Like how it fits and how comfortable it is to wear it.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"You get what you see. There is no lining in the top or the bottoms	 so nipples show through the top. The bottoms are not pre-tied so you have to try to tie a cute bow in them and hope it stays. Material is fine	 Lacey and pretty	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 super sexy	 washed 3 times and still looks brand new	 just ordered another design from the same company. I'm completely pleased with this purchase	 being curvy sizing is always a gamble but this was comfy and flattering all over. DON'T HESITATE	 GET IT!	review_date"
"Soft and cute. Size is pretty accurate and my husband approves very much. Looks great on me and he loves it. Extremely comfortable and will be ordering again.	review_date"
"Not reccomended	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this set. A must buy \u0026 it fit like a charm. 馃槃馃槃	review_date"
"Cute and sexy outfit. Absolutely loved it!  Fit true to size. It was perfect! Can鈥檛 eait to see wear for my boyfriend!	review_date"
"The bra is really nice and fits perfectly but the underwear are too big sadly	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretry and it鈥檚 fine for the cost but...The color is much brighter than the picture \u0026 name (鈥渄ark red鈥?. The bottoms run very large. It鈥檚 see-through	 which is not clear in the image.	review_date"
"Sexy as hell!	review_date"
"Super cute! Fits perfectly! this came so fast and it looks so good. very comfy and soft and it is so sexy. So worth it. I love it.	review_date"
"I bought this lingerie for my wife and we both loved it. It鈥檚 well made	 true to size. It is beautiful and sexy!!	review_date"
"Love this so much	 very cute!	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks great	 very happy	review_date"
"We both love it. Look beautiful on my wife. Colorful and easy to put on. Exactly what I imagined	review_date"
"I ordered size L it was too big for me	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Super cute and flattering. Tried it on and it fits true to size! This set totally met and surpassed my expectations. Worth every penny	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie set. It is exactly as shown in the picture. Material is soft and looks durable. Fits well. So sexy and hot. Your husband or boyfriend will surely fall inlove with this lingerie set.	review_date"
"She looks great in it	review_date"
"Great...	review_date"
"Love this lingerie! Soft and subtle. No harsh wires. Comfy for bed	review_date"
"Nice set..... beautiful	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"This set is sexy! The lace shorts make for a great teaser because you can see through them. The shirt has adjustable straps and the mask adds to the late night fun!	review_date"
"Nice robe	 especially for price. My girlfriend loved it and I do to! will buy again from this seller for sure.	review_date"
"Bit bigger than expected but worked for what I needed beautiful bralette.	review_date"
"This outfit is so soft! It's sexy and comfortable. I highly recommend it. It's comfy enough to sleep in but cute enough to be a show piece.	review_date"
"Fit just right	review_date"
"Not that good	review_date"
"Fit like a dream	 stretchy and soft. Very cute.	review_date"
"This set is so cute. It is very flattering to the body. Perfect for a romantic occasion	 boudoir shoot	 etc. It fits great and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"I love this! So sexy! I usually wear a XL and ordered xxl and it fits great!	review_date"
"This bra and panty set is amazing. I was so shocked at the quality of this sexy little set. I liked how it looks on	 it was a nice surprise for my boyfriend. Great buy.	review_date"
"Loved this set! Super cute on. It鈥檚 exactly like the picture	 it fits perfectly. Overall it鈥檚 a great product.	review_date"
"Gorgeous lingerie set! This set is extremely comfortable	 movable	 and breathable. The top has a nice deep v cut but it still covers and feels secure. I will definitely buy more of this product. Fast shipping.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it! This is such a lovely set. It's very sexy	 elegant and just beautiful. It's very comfortable to wear under my regular clothes Or it looks fabulous on its own. I鈥檓 really happy with this little outfit.	review_date"
"Fabric does stretch out pretty quick though ejrn wearing it	review_date"
"It had very little support. Would not recommend if you have a cup size greater than a B	review_date"
"Super cute. Love the lace and color. My boyfriend loved it . So no complaints here	review_date"
"Bought as a gift and she loved it. Really good quality.	review_date"
"this is a great product	 very sexy!!!	review_date"
"Cute Lingerie Set! Really cute lace and not scratchy. The color is beautiful and it鈥檚 super comfortable also. My husband loves it too. Will most definitely be buying more! Definetly worth the money spent!	review_date"
"Really disappointed with the quality and fit of this set. If you are 36C or above and need support at all	 do not get this! There is no underwire and the fabric feels very cheap and thin.	review_date"
"So flimsy. Literally rolls down my boob while wearing it.	review_date"
"This product is very thin. I would not wear it under clothing at all. This is something you put on	 to take right off. No support.	review_date"
"So cute! It fits perfectly and the design is amazing. Perfect for V Day. :)	review_date"
"I like it! Excellent lingerie set. Product fits description. Size is accurate. Lace is very comfortable and the overall quality is good. Great buy.	review_date"
"Really impressed with this product	 it fit well and was super flattering. It was also comfy which I didn't expect	 I'm really glad I purchased this! I've also purchased a few more styles	 I've loved them all!	review_date"
"Cannot wear because clothing because apparently order sizing chart is not an accurate US measurement based chart.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly	review_date"
"It doesn't fit me very well but it fits my girlfriend great!	review_date"
"Bottoms fit but the top didn't. Super cute though	review_date"
"Great value and quality! Absolutely love this bralette set!  So comfortable and sexy. The bottoms hug every curve perfect. The top is a good fit. Great buy.	review_date"
"did not fit right	 was so thin and cheap looks terrible	review_date"
"Made it work. Super sexy. Kinda small in the boob area	review_date"
"Not what I expected	review_date"
"Really cute	 is good material but very thin (like a windbreaker). Nice length for covering your whole backside. Drawstrings are pretty long throughout.	review_date"
"Bra too big in band too small in cups	review_date"
"I am a plus sized girl and it looks great on me! I'm a professional performer and it worked great for my costume!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 exactly as described.Sexy set.Well made and looks fantastic.Lace has very pretty print.My new favorite bra!	review_date"
"I love this two piece. There is just enough support and the fit is true to size!	review_date"
"Inexpensive zexy cover up. Didnt expect much	 so wasnt disappointed.	review_date"
"I was surprised how much I liked this set. It fits well and has a very sexy look! May buy in another color as well.	review_date"
"Super cute ! It's sexy and comfortable.Love the color. Ordered a different color now too	review_date"
"I really like this one. It fit as expected and it is beautiful.I like the way it fit and i also like the fabric.	review_date"
"OBSESSED. This is amazing in red. My man loves it too!	review_date"
"My girlfriend just loved it and most of she looked amazing in it and it is her favorite color.	review_date"
"The set is great!	review_date"
"So cute! One of my favorite pieces. Fit true to size.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"beautiful	 sexy and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"So sexy and fit perfectly. My man went wild when he saw it!	review_date"
"Definitely fit as expected. Love that the top can be adjusted for size.	review_date"
"Very comfortable soft stretchy lace	review_date"
"No	review_date"
"Thin material but looks and feels good on	review_date"
"poor quality	review_date"
"The fit on the bra is so hot! I love it.	review_date"
"Runs a bit big and has absolutely no support for my boobs.	review_date"
"Bra is horrible!	review_date"
"Looks just like the picture	 if not better 馃槉	review_date"
"The Bralette is poorly made and is coming apart in the center (it was like that when I opened it)	 and the lace on the edges has not been thread stopped so they will unravel in no time. I'll fix this myself but keep in mind that this is very low quality lingerie.	review_date"
"Very thin material	 so not very supportive.  The bottoms are very cute	 but the top has very little structure to offer any kind of support.	review_date"
"I ordered a X-Large because from reading other comments it makes it seem like it would fit my size. I wear a size 38DD bra and the top is too small. I also weigh 195lbs and the bottoms are a little loose. The size chart that comes with it has nothing to do with the size of the garments from my purchase.	review_date"
"The underwear has a weird tie thing to make a bow	 but it's awkward. The top part is awkward as well. Sigh	review_date"
"The fabric is crap. Its so thin and cheap. Definitely returning.	review_date"
"If your any type of Curvy dont buy. Im 5'3\ 150lbs theres no way that bra is keeping anything in and just not cute like the picture.""	review_date"
"It came really late	 it has zero bra support and the bottom.part came tore. Do NOT buy this.	review_date"
"This product was not what I expected and I will be returning it	review_date"
"Junk cheap material no support waste of money	review_date"
"Not a fan of this set.  Bralette is unlined and basically nothing	 and it is also too wide in the chest and does nothing to keep the girls in.  The panties are high-rise and unflattering. There is no elastic and they don't stay on my rear-end	 but ride up up up into my crack. Wish I could have saved my money	 but at least it was an inexpensive set.	review_date"
"This is probably my proudest moment of internet shopping. I always loved the way these looked on other people (people with DD鈥檚 and a thicc bottom)	 I am 5鈥?鈥?and about 120lb	 barely a B cup	 so I thought my body would not fill these out. I was wrong. This fit my body so perfectly	 made me feel amazing about myself. I think the high cut sides allow for tall torsos like me (thank god) and surprisingly my boobs filled in the cleavage area very well. ~side note: you鈥檒l definitely want to wear some pasties or something bc if you look hard enough you can see nipple~ the material is stretchy enough to hug your body just the way you want it to and it鈥檚 not itchy at all	 in fact it鈥檚 pretty comfortable. The lace and mesh is beautiful and the straps are adjustable. The butt area is cut a little narrow and I did notice it riding up after walking around for a little while in it but let鈥檚 be honest	 it鈥檚 not that much different from wearing a thick thong. I will definitely be purchasing more in different colors from this seller. 10/10	review_date"
"I really love this material. It isn鈥檛 tight but is stretching and loves every curve/lack there of. I鈥檓 a 34DDD	 165 lbs and 5鈥?鈥?and got a large which fit very well while also still being capable of accommodating more love or less. I tend to avoid rompers and body suits since I have a longer torso/boobs/broad shoulders but this is great!	review_date"
"I feel so sexy in this piece. Its very beautiful and well made. It fit true to size. The lace detail on it take the look to a whole new level. My husband was so excited to see me come out in it. Couldnt take his hands off me.	review_date"
"First I want to say that this piece of lingerie is so stunning and more than comfortable. I bought the size Large and I鈥檓 5鈥?tall and weigh 154lbs with a chest size 38E. I could鈥檝e went with a size Medium because it gives your curves plenty of room. However the Large will work. I will say that if your breast are large as mine it doesn鈥檛 give you support but it does look very flattering even with big breasts.	review_date"
"Good quality. Bust area seems small compared to size chart. Overall good purchase. Can鈥檛 complain about price definitely a good deal. Very Sexy will size up next time I order	review_date"
"After reading the reviews	 I decided to order this piece rather than spending $60+ at Victoria's Secret. Well in this case the saying \you get what you pay for\"" is all too true. When I took this out of the packaging	 I knew instantly it wouldn't fit me. Even though I ordered the largest size (a size XL) just to be safe	 it was WAY TOO SMALL. The stomach and breast area itself fit fine	 but this piece is so short. I am 5'7 and a half	 and this was no where near long enough to cover my whole body how it should. However	 I thought maybe I could adjust the straps and make it work. NOPE. I put this on and instantly one of the straps snapped right off. This is cheaply made and the sizing is WAY off. I will be returning ASAP.""	review_date"
"I love this. It helps hide by flaws yet still shows off your body. it fits great and even helps support by big boobs which is something most  lingerie does allow me to really show off. I feel really sexy and attractive wearing this.	review_date"
"SWEET BABY JESUS!!!  I wasn't expecting this at ALL!!!  WAS NOT!  This teddy hugged every curve on my body just right.  The material is strong and incredibly soft.  It felt like sliding butter on my body.  And	 it  held my boobs up!!!  I have some pretty big boobs too!  Like	 so amazing.  The cut is high waste	 but still hit my short body correctly.  I'm so in love with this piece!  Definitely one of the companies best!	review_date"
"I love this! So much softer than expected	 and has a nice stretch to it that I wasn't expecting. I am 5'3\	 130 pounds	 and I ordered a medium"
"Pleasantly surprised by this. The eggplant color is gorgeous. Bought for a boudoir shoot. Kinda wish there wasn't that weird shape over the pubic bone but I can live with it. A litle too high cut on the sides for my taste	 but again	 something I can live with. I'm 129lbs	 5'5\ with 34B chest and the small fits great.""	review_date"
"I am absolutely loving all the pieces I have purchased from avidlove!! They fit well	 are comfortable	 and are a great deal for the price!!	review_date"
"I got this nice one piece lengerie 	it's nice style .it's comfortable to wear . It's so fashion .Hava a nice cleavage .can wear any occasion 	 anniversary night 	 summer night 	 when ever u feel like to wear .I wash used my hand. I dry to dryer .	review_date"
"This fit beautifully.  I am 5'7 125 lbs and ordered a small.  I have a long torso and even the small fit perfectly without pulling too much through the body.  The lace is soft and it's quite comfortable. A great product at a great price.	review_date"
"I love this piece and feel very sexy in it. Hubby loves it even more on me and gives more compliments than the usual while I鈥檓 in this lingerie. It flatters my shape in the right places and fits well. This definitely restores my confidence.	review_date"
"This adome lingerie  it's so good quality .  Have a nice good style . I wear with jacket and pants .can wear any  pants or short. I already wear go to town like 	mall 	park.I highly recommend this to everyone like lengerie and fashion	review_date"
Very sexy outfit!  You can't beat this for the price and they have plus size!  Very comfortable but won't be on for long 
"I was hesitant about a one piece but I thought this was actually pretty flattering. The lace is soft and doesn't irritate my skin. I'm 5'2\ and about 150/155 and the large was the perfect choice for me. I like that it's \""full coverage\"" but so sexy. Was a big hit at my house.""	review_date"
"Super soft and light weight	 with a little stretch to it! My bf loved the way it looked on me! I'm 5'1\	 about 127 lbs	 34B chest	 26\"" waist and 36\"" hips and the small fit me nicely all the way around! I purchased the purple one and the color is beautiful	 pretty damn close the purple shown in the stock photos""	review_date"
"Wife loves it and stated she thinks its now her favorite piece in our growing collection. I really liked it on her but yea I'm a guy in love with his wife.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits as expected and could maybe stretch a bit more if needed. I bought a small. Waist size 26. 34A. 5'2\. Theres no support under the breast to keep them up but if your boobs are perky or small	 it shouldnt be too much of an issue. I wore pasties with mine.""	review_date"
"Lingerie makes me feel very uncomfortable	 however	 I got this piece for a photo shoot and I cannot wait to wear it. Just trying it on made me feel sexy and I very rarely feel that way. I love love love this piece so much. Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Kinda of let down - wasn鈥檛 presented online as being totally revealing - was hoping with could wear it under a lace shirt I bought her - ain鈥檛 NO way NO how - totally sheer - cannot be used as a under garment outside of the bedroom ...	review_date"
"I'm going to need to get this adjusted so it will fit	 it's pretty baggy on me. I'm 5'3\	 107 lbs	 measurements are 32\""-25\""-36\"" and I purchased the smallest size available.""	review_date"
"Love this little number. Wore it under a pants suit and it was a hit. It was a little big though but ok. I'm 5-11 weighing 215lbs and ordered an XL.  Could have done fine with a large.  But will definitely order again in more colors.	review_date"
"Love this line of lingere! Bright and bold.  I put this on for a surprise evening with my husband.  Love that it holds up for some excitement without disraveling or coming apart.	review_date"
"Very well made and pretty. My chest is too big for it though (ddd) but other than that it fits fine. Great price for a beautiful teddy!	review_date"
"Tried it on straight out of the package. At 5'3\	 121lbs I definitely could have ordered a small because the M fit too large on me	 but I'm hoping that I can shrink it in the wash. The lace is beautiful and the color is true to the photos. The hip part looks a little wonky but I imagine that's because I need to shrink it. All in all	 it looks great and would definitely order again.""	review_date"
"im not a small girl but not too big either. i normally wear medium in clothing but ordered a large to be safe because most lingerie runs small but this fits true because the large is a bit big on me but it still looks great!!	review_date"
"I am so happy with this purchase! It鈥檚 super soft	 sexy and has some stretch to it. My husband said that I looked amazing!	review_date"
"The fit was great except for the breast area. It鈥檚 super cute and thin. Definitely a bedroom outfit since it鈥檚 see-through. I recommend wear a bra underneath like the silicone pasties or chicken cutlet bra if you don鈥檛 want your nipples showing.	review_date"
"I weigh about 150 pounds and I bought a large and it fit perfectly. It鈥檚 very sexy looking and I felt really good in it. I have a slight tummy so I felt pretty confident in it. No bra support so you鈥檒l be going au natural but it鈥檚 really fantastic so I didn鈥檛 care.	review_date"
"Fit great	 5'4'' 125 lbs ordered a small. 34C had some boobs coming out on the sides but adjustable straps helped and it wasnt an issue	 great purchase	review_date"
"I wear a US medium and this fit perfectly! The one I got has a giant snag on the lace so I鈥檒l have to return it but it鈥檚 really cute on. I鈥檒l repurchase to see if I can get one without the snag.	review_date"
"The bodysuit was true to size!  I am 5鈥? and 110 lbs and a Small fit perfectly! It was comfy to wear and provided enough coverage in the back yet it was still sexy. However	 some of the lace wasn鈥檛 sewn on evenly so I had to trim a few pieces. The strap adjustments are also made out of plastic. One side broke during adjustment. Overall	 it was a great buy. Just wished that the strap adjustments weren鈥檛 as flimsy.	review_date"
"Stitching is a little messy and the ribbon around the bust area was loose and again a little messy but overall it is a pretty piece and fit pretty well. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and wear a 4/6 ordered a size small	review_date"
"This was WAY small. The bottom almost fit but it was very short for my already-short torso. I have a large H-cup bust and there was no containing the girls. Also ships from China so it takes ages to get to you. Would not recommend.	review_date"
"The lace on this product feels very soft and luxurious. The lingerie is very flattering and sexy to wear. This is a nice outfit to surprise my man in when he comes home from work!  I recommend this lingerie to anyone who wants to feel very sexy!!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 short as it is it does not go up past my stomach. Poorly made	 poor quality. Then they responded to my review with a well what size does a 6鈥?200lbs 44D need. I told them I would not know as those are very far off from my measurements as a 5鈥?135lbs. Very disappointed and disgusted with them.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 the cutest lingerie ever! I love how it is all lace and it looks good on. I'm not a very feminine person but I am when I put this on. It's comfortable enough to fall asleep in at the same time. Great buy.	review_date"
"My favorite thing about this outfit (aside from the amazingly soft lace that comes in a close second) is the sexy lines of the X shape. Perfectly stretchy for my 5鈥?1鈥?frame. One of my new favorites in my growing collection!!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"I got an XL which is what I wear in everything. I just received it today. The color was beautiful and the material was nice and soft BUT the top part didn鈥檛 not fit me at all. I was definitely expecting it fit like how it is pictured but it didn鈥檛 and it made me so sad. The bottom part fit just fine but I am definitely disappointed that I wasted my money on this.	review_date"
"聽I actually used this as a rave outfit and really loved it! only things is one of the straps broke when i first tried it on so i had to super glue the strap to fix it.	review_date"
"I purchased a 2-XL because I know these are not American sizing. I could have purchased a XL for a slightly better fit. The 2-XL is easier to get in and out of.	review_date"
"Fits strange for what I wanted there is no division between the boob area and the torso. Just stitching so it does not cup your boob. I wanted to wear it out but it鈥檚 not that comfortable. But it looks good	review_date"
"This teddy is gorgeous and I absolutely love it. I love the lace	 it鈥檚 so soft! Very comfortable and sexy looking. Fits great on me.  I've ordered a few items of this brand and I'm very happy with all of it.	review_date"
"The lace is gorgeous. Mine is a vibrant purple and has cute details like little bows. There is no stretch in the piece so allow for that when buying. The strings allow you to adjust for smaller bodies if you size up!	review_date"
"AMazing quality. You can鈥檛 tell is that cheap. Material are really soft and seems durable. Love it. It run a bit big. I ordered the Medium and it鈥檚 kind of loose. I鈥檓 5	5鈥?and 160 pounds	review_date"
"I'm short waisted and busty... with a red corset	 and red thigh high stockings... this is perfection! Soft fabric. Great coverage! I ordered one in black as well. Love it.	review_date"
"I just received and couldn鈥檛 wait to put it on! The only thing that I would just is that there is no underwear	 so no help pushing the girls up	 also the fabric is completely see through so invest in nipple covers as well. Other than that it鈥檚 met my expectations and fits nicely. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it out!	review_date"
"I love high neck lingerie and this is perfect	 I ordered a large because I thought the medium would be a little snug	 I'm 5'3 about 155 and a 34 DDD	 I carry most of my weight in my thighs and upper body so the stomach panels are a little loose but not noticeable	 my girlfriend loves it too	review_date"
"Stunning! I have a mommy tummy and mom boobs lol and I still look great in this. This peice hides your flaws and my hubby said I look sooo pretty in this. The purple is true to color.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very soft! I like the lace areas on the outter areas and the sheer fabric down the middle. It fits as expected and I didn鈥檛 see any issues with the stitching. The high bikini cut is perfect and leaves enough room around the legs. I鈥檓 definitely buying another in Black!!	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Very cute and the quality is great . Definitely in my opinion I鈥檇  say don鈥檛 order up a size if you are in between sizes . I wear a size 11/12 in jeans and Large tops  and the Large fit a bit loose.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Comfortable	 well made. This item really showcases the body in all the right ways. It is definitely a hot way to spice up the bedroom. It came fast and I immediately tried it on and fell in love.	review_date"
"A really pretty and practical peice of lingere. It fits nice	 looks and feels great. I got a small	 I wear size2-4	 and a small fit great. Going to get more in different colors.	review_date"
"Great product for the price!	review_date"
"Love love love! Very sexy! Lovely color! Great quality!!! Can't wait to show it off for my boyfriend! Will buy again!!!	review_date"
"Bought this product with the hopes it would fit or even stretch a little. I	 unfortunately	 was disappointed. I bout their largest size just in case. This item is not for women with breast bigger than a c cup. In the end	 I had to return it.	review_date"
"This is such a soft and BEAUTIFUL teddy.. 鈾♀櫋鈾?Its fist so well. I washed it and no shrinkage either!!! I love this teddy.	review_date"
"Nice little sexy lingerie !	review_date"
"flimsy teddylarge and baggy	review_date"
"It runs bigger	 and it's very stretchy. Medium fits like large. Otherwise good quality.	review_date"
"Fits great! This is absolutely beautiful! The color is gorgeous. The quality is excellent and you can't beat the price. I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Cup is too small and material is very thin and fragile. Small was too small for me. Order a size up.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! Definitely a beautiful and sexy design! The material is soft and of good quality. More than satisfied with this purchase.	review_date"
"Got to surprise my husband...let鈥檚 just say it doesn鈥檛 didnt stay on long. Love the good quality fabric lace which has a stretch to it. Got a size M	 fits cup size around C. Washes \u0026 holds up very well.	review_date"
"im usually a 10-12 so i ordered a large	 my normal size. the width of the suit fit perfectly but its wayyy too short. i have an average torso and i can barely get the thing to cover my boobs. i was so disappointed. but its beautiful other than the sizing being off	review_date"
"Couldnt even try it on it was too small	review_date"
"I loved it	 and it was a beautiful color	 but it arrived with a hole at a seam.	review_date"
"Great fit	 great color. A little flimsy but...  isn't that kinda the point?	review_date"
"The largest size was to small I wear a large normally. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?215 36D bra!	review_date"
"Love this product. Looks expensive. Fits surprisingly well. Hubby absolutely loved this piece as well :) highly recommend ordering it especially for the value.	review_date"
"Really impressed with the fit. The material is very soft. Bought for a lingerie shoot for my husband and this ended up being my favorite outfit!	review_date"
"My girl loved it	review_date"
"Nice quality	 was just to small for my big butt	review_date"
"5'6	 130 lbs (slender figure) ordered a medium and it was still a little smaller than expected but I could still wear it without being too uncomfortable. However	 it's very cute and looks exactly like the picture! Easy to figure out how to put it on and to take off.	review_date"
"I was very dissatisfied with this ...I was hoping there would be an underwire to hold the girls up but there wasnt.	review_date"
"I ordered an L 鈥?I鈥檓 pretty full at the top. 34D. Didn鈥檛 look as it should鈥檝e. Definitely have to wear a bra underneath it	 unless you like having you goodies out. But besides that I wasn鈥檛 really expecting much especially for the price it was purchased for.	review_date"
"This is beautiful and functional. The lace is super soft and the cut of the garment provides decent support for your chest because it has decent stretch.	review_date"
"It fit very well and was very flattering! i have trouble finding lingerie that i like and feel sexy in and this piece i love. the lace is  also very soft ans not scratchy like other lingerie i have tried. i would definately reccomend this product and will very likely be ordering more in other colors soon!	review_date"
"A Gem.  I wore this as a bodysuit and as lingerie... I need every color	review_date"
"Fit perfect loved it!	review_date"
"The color is as shown and is beautiful! Very soft	 sexy and comfy!	review_date"
"Fits very nice I wear this as a shirt under my blazer for a night out on the town! Love it鉂わ笍	review_date"
"would of been cute if it fitted	review_date"
"Made it seem like there was underwire in the boob area but there isn鈥檛. Still cute	 just a bit decieving.	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. I have a curvy shape but I wear a small. Just enough support in the chest area and very flattering.	review_date"
"Long in the crotch	review_date"
"Not my favorite. Honestly it looks pretty cheap. The fit is accurate though	review_date"
I love those laundry !But my husband love that more  (
"Very comfortable!! Hugs your body.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 195lbs M/L shirts 12/14 in jeans 36c bras I ordered XL fits perfectly. Quality is good for price. Delivered on time. I just wish there was more support in the bust area which I knew that there wasn鈥檛 any when I purchased	review_date"
"It is pretty thin and you will definitely need to wear pasties if you choose to pair it with jeans/shorts for a night out. I got a size large and I鈥檓 5鈥?	 163lbs	 C cup.	review_date"
"This piece is very pretty and I really wish it fit me better but it just wasn't the right fit for me. Im 5'3\ 125lbs and I wear a size 32DD and I ordered a medium and it was small in the chest and fit everywhere else""	review_date"
"I love this!!! It looks exactly like the picture	 and fits very comfortably!! The material is super soft and not itchy at all!	review_date"
"Super cute!!! I鈥檓 5鈥?1 so it took some time to stretch it out to fit my torso lol but it worked! Tall girls order size up	review_date"
"This body suit lingerie is true to size. It fits amazingly very comfortable	 hugs your body in the right places	 and the fabric is very light weight and stretchy.	review_date"
"The color and design of the lingerie is nice.  However	 the material is not the greatest.  I rather stick with going to Victoria鈥檚 Sectet.	review_date"
"So soft and sexy! I love how it feels on my skin!	review_date"
"So soft and comfortable!	review_date"
"Well made and Beautiful!	review_date"
"Runs a littleSmall but super cute!	review_date"
"Super comfortable and stretchy material. Very pretty black lace teddy. I was happily surprised with the fit and overall look of this. If you are looking for something comfortable yet sexy ... this is a great buy!	review_date"
"Feel wonderful. I would order a size up from your size. The material is so soft and well made. I would recommend to anyone looking for a sexy lounge peice.	review_date"
"Love it!! I ordered the red and the black. I am 5'2\ 130 pounds 36 DD bra. I ordered the small and it JUST fits!!! I showed my friends and they ordered it too and they love it!! Inexpensive and sexy!!""	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfy	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so cute and the material is soft and super comfortable. I felt so sexy in it. It has a good stretch to it.  I'd recommend this one	 it's seriously flattering and doesn't feel cheap.	review_date"
"Really beautiful lingerie! Super cute and comfortable! Great piece. The material is so much softer than I expected and hugs my curves perfectly. I would recommend hand washing.	review_date"
"Cheap and way too small	review_date"
"My goodness!!!!! The mesh in this  teddy is as soft as anything I've EVER felt! I love the peekaboo feeling of the lace	 and the quality is perfect. Absolutely can't wait to get more pieces!	review_date"
"Fits perfect! Very sexy. Top ties in back and halter like a swim suit so you can make tighter/loosen.	review_date"
"Love it. I鈥檓 5鈥? 134lb and the small fit perfect.	review_date"
"Well made	  color accurate	review_date"
"This piece is so sexy! It fits great and looking amazing	 I will be purchasing more colors because it is probably one of my favorite pieces of lengerie!	review_date"
"True to size. I absolutely love how this fits! The sizing is perfect. The material is soft and comfortable. I feel super sexy in it and it鈥檚 very comfortable. Right now my favorite lingere!!!	review_date"
"Great deal for the price would buy again in another color	review_date"
"Absolutely love this teddy! Very comfortable and fits perfectly! The quality is wonderful	 stretchy and comfortable	 and is extremely flattering. You won鈥檛 be disappointed!!	review_date"
"I'm 5'5 130lbs size D cup and a Medium was perfect. My man loved it! I'll be ordering new colors soon	review_date"
"It is absolutely gorgeous! Exactly what I thought! I love how it looks and fits. It looks nicely made	 not cheap. Great buy and great price for what you get.	review_date"
"This is garbage. Fit was terrible. Cheap construction. Don鈥檛 buy it.	review_date"
"Sexy and beautiful	review_date"
"This is sexy! The breast area all the way down to the lower belly is see through! I love it!!!	review_date"
"Eh first time buying something like this on Amazon my hopes weren't set to high so I wasn't really disappointed until the left strap broke when I went to put it on for the second time	review_date"
"This was NOT AT ALL what was expected!! It鈥檚 completely see through! DO NOT BUY if you want to wear this out!! The hems are uneven and there鈥檚 no underwire on the bra	review_date"
"Love this ! Fits true to size and sexy!	review_date"
"This lingerie is really nice. I love the design in the lace because they are leaves. The v-neck is so nice looking too and I like the sleeves. The color is very pretty. It fits well too.	review_date"
"Ordering More forsure! Fit Perfect	review_date"
"Fits great and complements all the right areas. Love this piece.	review_date"
"i tried it on and it fit like a glove. I will purchase again.	review_date"
"Gorgeous!Hubby loves it!	review_date"
"small on breast area	review_date"
"Flattering and Good Fit. Fit perfect and the design is super sexy.	review_date"
"Didn't fit as expected.	review_date"
"Love the purple! This piece was even more gorgeous in person and on than expected. It was also surprisingly comfy since the fabric was nice \u0026 soft.	review_date"
"Quite comfortable and very attractive to wear! The lace is a gorgeous design.	review_date"
"I love it				super sexy and comfortable	 I use all the time.	review_date"
"Unfortunately this product came to me damaged. Doesn鈥檛 look like it was ripped	 just looks like it was incomplete	review_date"
"Pleasantly surprised by this teddy! It's a very nice quality	 fits very well	 and looks very flattering.	review_date"
"Usually a XL	 but this XL was slightly too big. Still a great buy.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece. Did not fit though.	review_date"
"This lace lingerie is so beautiful and sexy. This is definitely a great piece. The lace looks incredibly luxe. This fit wonderfully and is well made. Cute.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this item	 it fit as expected. Very sexy and form fitting. I just absolutely  loved it !!	review_date"
"Fabric feels good! Fits really nice	review_date"
"Lace are just ok	review_date"
"Amazing!! It fit perfect and the material is stretchy and very soft . I would definitely recommend this teddy lingerie. Love it.	review_date"
"Lace is really soft	 fits well	 the hips are a little tight if you are curvy and can't be adjusted. All other strings are adjustable to your shape. Looks alot pricier than it was!	review_date"
"Sexy and chic! Fits true to size.	review_date"
"Fits good	review_date"
"My husband loves this! I love it! I ordered an XL	 but coulda gone with a L. I鈥檓 4鈥?1	 155 lbs.	review_date"
"It fits wonderfully!	review_date"
"Talla perfecta.  Bueno por el precio	review_date"
"I order a medium it fit but it was just a little bit bigger than I needed. But overal very cute	review_date"
"Soft	 beautiful lace	 very sexy	 and nice for pick-a-boo pretties underneath ...fits great on me	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Beautiful and super comfortablethe material is good and soft andit fits perfect. Great for a romanticnight so my husband loved the wayit looks on me......  I got this colorbecause its my favorite color and ipicked good because its sexy andlooks so good on. At first when iordered i was a little worried thatthe size wont fit but once i received itit was perfect	review_date"
"Amazing	review_date"
"beautiful and sexy. perfect fit	review_date"
"Love it. Soft material and fits perfectly	review_date"
"Fits like a dream. Very seductive. Bae loved it on me. He asked me to wear it again.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful. I Love it! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?125lbs. I got a medium and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Broke as soon as I put it on smh	review_date"
"Cute bodysuit. Looks exactly from the picture	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 125	 32DD and went with a medium. Love the long leg look on my back side.	review_date"
"Good quality	 so comfy!	review_date"
"My wife is 5.2\ and 135LB	 fits her good	 have had some good nights with it! "
"Great quality. It's soft and sexy. Well made and fits great! Would recommend.	review_date"
"I ordered 2 sizes up just to make sure it fit and it fit perfectly. Great quality and color.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"I love this! Super sexy and great non itchy material! A win for me!	review_date"
"Awesome material. Runs a little big. Material is comfortable and stretchy. exactly like pictured.	review_date"
"This was pure trash! It came tipped up and it fits REALLY BIG	review_date"
"I love this item! It fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 look like in the picture and is not a push bra	review_date"
"Really cute	review_date"
"I love this piece! It fit me perfectly. I normally wear a 16 in jeans \u0026 I ordered the XL.	review_date"
"Esta bonito	review_date"
"Like this lace teddy	The lace and fabric is soft and comfortable. Looks really hot on.	review_date"
"The fit was great	review_date"
"So soft and stretchy!! Very cute and comfortable!	review_date"
"So cheaply made.	review_date"
"Garment came ripped.	review_date"
"Looks incredible on me!	review_date"
"The left strap snapped the second I went to put it on	 and then once I got it on	 the right strapped snapped off. I sewed both of the straps back on	 but I think it's pretty ridiculous that I had to do so within the first 2 minutes of wearing it. This will definitely be a one-wear situation. Overall	 I think it looks alright on me. If you don't have perky breasts	 be ready for 0 support	 whatsoever. I won't be ordering from this company again.	review_date"
"It is very pretty but was a little larger than anticipated and was definately big on me.  The back needed to be much tighter but the material is soft	 the lace is very pretty and I still kept the item.  I would purchase from this seller again but I may order a size smaller next time.	review_date"
"I love the material of this piece.  I ordered a medium and it's a little loose but nothing that's noticeable when it's on me. I'll try a small next time but this will get lots of wear from me! The high cut is perfect perfect perfect. You automatically feel sexy once you put it on.	review_date"
"I'm getting married soon and I love how it fits and looks being a curvy woman it still makes me feel sexy but sweet.	review_date"
"Extremely sheer. I felt as if I was going to rip the material.	review_date"
"It says my package got last so you need to replace my money or I鈥檓 suing .	review_date"
"Wore once and the strap broke on me	 extremely cute just wasn鈥檛 made right sadly.	review_date"
"Totally wrong item	review_date"
"beautiful! i reccomend it. very soft	 great quality especially considering the price. i have weird hips (hip dips and just unflattering look ig) and most things accentuate them so i look for stuff with a higher cut hip and if you have 鈥渨eird鈥?hips like mine then this might be the lingerie for you	 its flattering and slenderizing and sexy. not the best breast support but works for me. 36dd 5鈥? 145 pounds	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this piece of lingerie. It fit just right. It has sex appeal while keeping everything in place馃槉. It arrived sooner than anticipated too. A great buy!	review_date"
"It ripped under the boob area when I tried it on	 I had to sew it. It鈥檚 cute but don鈥檛 buy it if you need it for more than one use. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 140.. I got a small but a medium would鈥檝e fit better.	review_date"
"I bought one in purple and I'm back to order the black one!  This is a beautiful piece of lingerie!  It's soft	 comfortable	 and extremely sexy!  You won't be disappointed!!  LOVE!!!	review_date"
"Nice material. Cute piece.  Gorgeous color.	review_date"
"I bought the royal blue originally and I loved it so much I decided to get the grey as well.  I'm 5'0\ and 90 lbs with a 34B bust	 26\"" waist and 32\"" hips and it's not easy to find lingerie that looks good.  So many pieces hit at a sexy mid-thigh on the model and I order the very smallest size	 but the hemline is below my knees and I look like I'm playing dress-up with my mommy's slips.  This chemise fit beautifully.  It's a few inches above the knee -- not as high as it looks on the model	 but I'll take it.  I did notice that one review is from a lady who's 5'3\"" and she says it's below her knee	 so I guess it also depends on proportion -- I have long legs for my height and a shorter torso.  I also shortened the straps as far as they'd go to keep them from slipping off my shoulders.  It's my one complaint about the chemise	 that I wish it were a crossback style or had a connecting strap in the back to keep the straps where they belong	 because satin fabric against skin is slippery as hell and those suckers make a dive for it whenever I move.  I'm actually planning to take a scissor to the straps where they connect to the back of the chemise and then resew them so they cross diagonally to make an X in the back. It's a simple 5 minute bit of sewing to preserve my delicate modesty!  Okay	 fine	 if I had any delicate modesty I wouldn't be wearing tiny satin lingerie	 but I still don't like constantly chasing after the straps of my nightgown to make sure nothing's peeking out that shouldn't be (I'm talking about my boobs).  After that little matter is taken care of	 this will become my favorite thing to sleep in.  I love the way the fabric drapes and how silky and comfortable it is	 and the lace doesn't itch.  It looks beautiful	 feels nice	 fits well.  I'd have paid a lot more for this if I had to.  I'll probably come back for another few colors.""	review_date"
"its looks like Victoria securit	 but 85% cheaper than it. It has very good quality	 slik and light weight	 very comfortable. The size is run larger than VS. very satisfy and happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"The mauve color (\Purple\"") is much more purple in real life than the photo shows. I also purchased the red color which	 after several washings	 still transfers dye onto my white bed sheets.I do like the fit and style of this	 even though the gown does not have the slightly ruffled looking hem as shown in the photos. Instead	 it is sewn straight.I am 5'3	 125ish lbs	 hourglass shape	 size 4/small	 and the size small fits me well.""	review_date"
"I am surprised by all the positive reviews. It鈥檚 not like the product is horrible but it鈥檚 a very cheap material and definitely not suited for busty women.  I wear a petite size 2 but have larger breasts and because of the cheap material it doesn鈥檛 fit or flow right.  Not a horrible item if you鈥檙e not used to higher quality materials but definitely not whaf I was expecting	review_date"
"Although this nightgown is very pretty	 it smells like chemicals. It says on the label that the materials are viscose and elastane. I normally don't concern myself with these details	 but the smell is awful and I can't imagine it being healthy to wear on a regular basis.	review_date"
"This is really comfortable. The material is soft and flows nicely. I normally waer a 14-16 in pants and 38/40DD and I ordered a 2xl. It fits nicely.	review_date"
"This could've been a very nice dress to go with my costume however it is very short. I am normally a M/L. I purchased a L at first and it was way to tight on my chest area	 I am a 36c and way to short it fit as a shirt I am 5\5. I returned it and ordered a XL and it some what fits however still very short. I will keep to hang around the house.""	review_date"
"LOVE THIS! SOOO cute and soft and pretty. Fits perfectly! I am about 230lbs 38D and I got the 2XL and it fit perfectly! No clinging in odd places or funky lumps. The fabric is soft and shiny. The straps are adjustable and the lace is cute. Seems durable and well stitched. Would get again!	review_date"
"Cheap made!!! Adjustable Spaghetti straps are hooked with two tiny thin plastic pieces. The straps are falling out all the time. This is a very bad buy!!! I do not have time to keep putting the straps back to the plastic pieces  .	review_date"
"Do not buy the 鈥淧URPLE鈥?colored night gown based off of the color in the picture! it comes off as a mostly pinkish purple in the picture on the listing but when it arrived it was VERY VERY purple	 almost unrecognizable based on the photo (I even checked the tags to see if they sent me the wrong one). I鈥檓 not sure if they used the photos from a photo shoot of a pink nighty and placed it for the purple color or if they heavily edited the picture and the color changed	 but definitely note worthy. Other than that I didn鈥檛 see any other problems with it	 just a big bummer!	review_date"
"I am returning this product to Amazon after not hearing from Ekouaer about how to return it to them. It is too small in the breast area for my wife.  Ekhouaer has been a disappointment as a company to deal with.	review_date"
"Decent first impression	 took the tag off and then immediately had the plastic loop on one straps fall apart. Not sure if it was just a faulty one but if this is the standard quality then I would not recommend.	review_date"
"I'm 5'7\ and a size 6 jeans and got a medium and fits good. Loose but this isn't supposed to be tight. Very comfy!""	review_date"
"Very disapointed	 after about an hour or so of wearing my slip under a dress	 I felt the Left side go slack	 when I checked in the bathroom I found that the string keeping the strap together had unravelled and my left breast was exposed. Couldn't have happened at a worst time	 I was at work in the middle of a meeting with my superior's	review_date"
"It's ok.  Honestly	 when compared to another nightgown I ordered in the summer it seems a little cheaply made.  I ordered to same size I ordered before and it is somewhat small.  They last one I got was so comfortable	 I decided to get another and I am disappointed.	review_date"
"It fit the girlfriend perfectly. Not to tight to sleep in and not to loose to wear around the house uncomfortably. As she put it	 \it feels great and light. Plus	 I don't feel the structure (stitching)  of it on my skin.\""""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 returning the one I ordered and will be reordering- the fabric is excellent the style and delicacy- but just cut a little too tight and definitely smaller than other 鈥榤ediums 鈥?in her closet.	review_date"
"Seems nice out of the package.  Definitely small.  And short.  My wife is 5'9\ with long legs.  Barely	 just barely covers her \""lady parts\"".  And this is a 2XL. More like a slightly long shirt length.""	review_date"
"Love it.  Fit as expected	 Nice length.  Comfortable and pretty summer nightie.  I did cut off the little loose strands coming off the lace.  They made the lace look ragged!	review_date"
"This nightgown is beautiful	 but WAY to small. I am so disappointed.	review_date"
"Good quality	 but the M is very small across the bust. Also ordered the  Ekouaer Satin Lace Chemise in the same size \u0026 this was much smaller. My bra size is 36A/B	review_date"
"I love this new nightie. It鈥檚 super silky and comfy to wear. It feels well made. I鈥檓 5鈥?4鈥?110 lbs and I ordered the small. It fit me really well. I wish it was a little shorter(it hit me around mid-thigh)	 but it still makes me feel very sexy. I would definitely recommended this product. It鈥檚 a great price for what you鈥檙e getting.	review_date"
"My favorite so far!!! Very pretty and comfortable!!!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 but just a bit of a gap under the arms (even with straps adjusted to the shortest setting).  Also	 wish it was just a little bit shorter.	review_date"
"Love this nightie	 but beware -- it is not color fast!  Bottom sheet turns gray after a few nights of sleeping in it.  It washes out but it is irritating.	review_date"
"I wanted something comfortable but sexy to sleep in. 5鈥?鈥? 120	 ordered the small. It鈥檚 perfect and I鈥檒l be buying more!	review_date"
"I went out of my comfort zone and purchased the blue	 and do not regret that decision a bit. It's a lovely shade and it ultra comfortable. The white lace adds the perfect feminine touch.	review_date"
"This is ADORABLE.  It fits perfectly (I'm 5'1\ and 125 and bought a Small)	 is comfortable and looks really pretty on.  Looks just like the photo.""	review_date"
"Love Love Love! 5'4\	 175lbs. Ordered purple in Medium	 fits perfect! Ordered white in Large	 still like it but will order medium from now on. The material is SUPER soft "
"too small	review_date"
"too small	review_date"
"Very soft	 great fit.  I've been looking for something like this for awhile and am very happy with the purchase. A great deal for the price!	review_date"
"Fabric is silky soft.  Great for hot summer nights.  Shoulder strap adjusters seem to stay put pretty well.	review_date"
"fit as expected. it isnt as low cut on the chest area as i had hoped it to be	review_date"
"Wonderful. You feel like a person with a classy house walking around in your lingerie/Nightgown. It's great	review_date"
"I'm very satisfied with my purchase. It fits as expected.	review_date"
"For a basic chamise	 it's perfect.	review_date"
"I like their products but this one item was cut much smaller than other Ekouaer items that I have purchased before.almost couldn't try it on.	review_date"
"Love this nightie. It looks and feels like very good quality. I am 5'7 120lbs and the small fit perfectly. Like other reviewers mentioned	 the hemline at the bottom is not ruffled like in the picture	 it's just flat but I actually prefer that anyway.	review_date"
"I did not care for the quality.	review_date"
"The color is little darker than on the photo.  I also recommend going a size up. Otherwise	 very cute!	review_date"
"I bought this as a gift for my mom and she loved it. Uses it very frequently.	review_date"
"This slip is wonderful! I've had a hard time finding a slip that is comfortable to sleep in but also looks good and this one is it! It's soooo soft	 and its form-fitting enough to show your curves but is not too tight	 drapes nice. I bought it in black and loved it so much I ended up ordering it in white and blue as well!	review_date"
"Good quality	 not too cheap. It is extremely comfortable and makes sleeping at night so much better. Bought it for a halloween costume (Carrie) and I didn鈥檛 use it because the top lace part was too small for my chest so it was revealing but would work very well for any intimate time or just for sleeping.	review_date"
"Great chemise for sleeping.  Something cute and comfortable to wear going to bed.  Does attract static	 but that can be fixed when you put on some lotion.	review_date"
"Comfortable	 sexy and fits nicely.	review_date"
"Wife looked good and seemed to like it as much as I did. It wasn't to risque as to throw her off before she gave it a chance.	review_date"
"This slip is perfect! It鈥檚 so comfy and was true to size for me. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh about 145lbs and I ordered a M which was the perfect size. I was afraid it was gonna be too short cause I was wearing it as a costume but it was the perfect length	 I plan to buy more in other colors for sure!	review_date"
"Really cute and comfortable. Lace at the top is ever so slightly wonky but nothing annoying.	review_date"
"It's pretty but cheaply made.  I would not recommend.	review_date"
"Cheap junk.	review_date"
"Nice quality for the price	review_date"
"Love these pj. Soft and comfortable	review_date"
"I am 5'9 to 5'10 and bought a medium.  Fits perfect	review_date"
"Color is beautiful and fit as hoped.	review_date"
"So easy to put on after a long day. My man loves it too. Fabric could definitely be better	 but for the price you pay it鈥檚 better quality than expected. Adjustable straps are great too! Many lingerie pieces don鈥檛 have those.	review_date"
"Its nice. Not the highest quality but with it being so inexpensive I think it is just fine. I bought a large and am usually a Medium/Large. I could have done a Medium.	review_date"
"Beautiful! I am 5'5	120	 34A I ordered a small and it is perfect. It has a soft hourglass cut. It is not tight but it is not baggy either. It's perfect! I did cut the frays off the lace because it looked silly and after I did it looked much sexier!	review_date"
"Wife likes it	 all that matters	review_date"
"Ordered these for my wife for Christmas and was very unhappy to realize that they run at least 1 size smaller.  Made in China  which items tend to run small.  Good luck finding one that fits true to sizing.	review_date"
"This is one of my favorites.  Very silky	 looks great!	review_date"
"Delightful fit even on a not-so-feminine form...reasonable price and comfortable fit....what more is desired?	review_date"
"Wife loves it. Looks great.	review_date"
"looks great on her !!	review_date"
"Great quality!	review_date"
"a little long on me but still cute and fits well besides that	review_date"
"For the price this is awesome.	review_date"
"Sexy!	review_date"
"Cute	 comfortable	 great price	 a must buy.	review_date"
"Nice looking. Soft. Even the lace is soft.	review_date"
Super soft and super elegant and sexy!I love it and so does my husband (
"Liked so much I ordered another !!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"It is a personal shower gift for my grandaughter who is getting married in November.... She will love it.	review_date"
"It is what I expected	review_date"
"I love this gown.  Will buy another	review_date"
"Super cute and comfy!	review_date"
"porly made. seams comoing apart before it has been worn	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Cute ...	review_date"
"The only thing that would have made this satin slip/nightie would to be about 2\ shorter.  I am 5'3\"".""	review_date"
"Soft and beautiful.	review_date"
"Super comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Sexy nighty	review_date"
"Very cute!	review_date"
"Returning and will order new	review_date"
"Liked	review_date"
"Fits comfortable. hides any tummy. Feels silky	review_date"
"Good quality satin material. About time.	review_date"
"Soft and silky. Love it!	review_date"
"Very nice.  Love the way it feels	 nice quality.	review_date"
"Nice quality	review_date"
"Runs a little small but still fit and I wore it under my bridal robe! The lace accent was perfect and just what I needed to wear under my robe for a little More coverage and lace accent!	review_date"
"Perfect	 very comfortable!	review_date"
"Nice texture and feel. Reasonable quality	 especially for price. My gal likes it	 modest enough	 but not too...	review_date"
"Falls well and is nice fabric.  Scalloped at bottom and is very pretty!	review_date"
"Fits nice! Good product.	review_date"
"Fit exactly right. So soft and silky.	review_date"
"the size is somewhat larger than expected. however	 the fabric is very soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"A standby	 lovely shade of gray/blue.	review_date"
"馃拸	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Very nice	 and fit well	review_date"
"S煤per cute and good quality	review_date"
"Washed well simple and nice	review_date"
"The texture of the silk is not so smooth and doesn't feel good on your skin	review_date"
"straps are adjustable	 goes past my knees. I'm 5'3\ and ordered a small...""	review_date"
"So comfy	review_date"
"My daughter loved the color	 style and softness of the fabric.	review_date"
"Just like the picture and very silly! Loved it 馃槏	review_date"
"LOVE	review_date"
"It is very silky and comfy loved it !	review_date"
"I really liked the color	 most of the time I can only find red or black.  Quality is good.	review_date"
"I love it ! It looks very elegant!	review_date"
"Product is too small. Straps are poor quality.	review_date"
"Too small around breast area	review_date"
"A little small but still very nice.susan	review_date"
"Love this	 nice soft color	 nice fit.	review_date"
"Really sexy and well-made.	review_date"
"My Lady love's it.	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Soo perfect! I love the look and feel	 it's really nice quality.	review_date"
"Somewhat shorter than I expected. Nice feel.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Nice fabric	 soft lace	 I would recommend.	review_date"
"In love 馃槏	review_date"
"As a very busty woman (36DDD)	 this did NOT work at all!  It fit fine around stomach/hips and looked good.  I just barely got it over my boobs	 but they were smashed in uncomfortably and it wasn't pretty.  I bought the same size in the same brand \sexy Dressing gown nightwear\"" \u0026 it looked \u0026 felt fantastic.""	review_date"
"So perfect! Like VS!! 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Beautiful and elegant. Arrived on time	review_date"
"Just what I wanted. Perfect.	review_date"
"So soft and silky! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥欌€?and about 115 pounds. The small fits me nicely and makes me feel like a princess. My husband is very big on texture and how things feel	 so this was a winner! I鈥檝e already washed it a few times and it still looks like new. It does wrinkle easily and those wrinkles don鈥檛 wash out. What I do is take a cotton pillow case	 place it on top of the gown	 and iron it on low setting with no steam. Works well!	review_date"
"Super soft. I use it under long t-shirts that have a tendency to cling to my leggings and ride up my butt.	review_date"
"Wish it were slightly longer or elastic but feels and looks nice.	review_date"
"Arrived quickly and is prettier in person than the photo!	review_date"
"fits perfect my girl loves it it didnt stay on too long	review_date"
"My wife truly likes this.	review_date"
"love it so much	review_date"
"flared out at the bottom which was not what I wanted.	review_date"
"This \nightgown\"" is impossible to sleep in. For one thing	 the lace cuts into your skin. For another	 the clip that's supposed to adjust the length of the straps is so cheap and loose that it sags down during the night	 leaving the straps long enough to strangle any woman with reasonably sized shoulders. If you're buying this for your lingerie collection	 It should be fine. But if you're looking for a nightie that you can sleep in	 don't bother with this.""	review_date"
"This was shipped fairly quickly and was actually nice quality	 I wasn't sure what to expect. It fit very nicely and my boyfriend loved it too!	review_date"
"Super soft! Nice comfortable	 flattering fit. Loved it for Valentine's Day.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥? 150lbs	 34C and got a medium and it fit perfect. Worn under a faux suede skirt	 no taping my boobs or anything	 so perfect.	review_date"
"This is so beautiful!!  I put in a white which looks great next to my summer tan !  It is really made well and the material is so soft it鈥檚 a beautiful lace and it doesn鈥檛 scratch at all and I鈥檝e already put it in the laundry and wash it and where is a it is really made well and the material is so soft it鈥檚 a beautiful lace and it doesn鈥檛 scratch at all and I鈥檝e already put in the laundry and wash it and dries like its brand new!  It鈥檚 got snaps in the crotch so it鈥檚 easy to use a restroom and you can wear either as a very sexy piece of lingerie or you can we are going out with a pretty skirt or a nice pair of jeans.  I wore it  with a pair of white pants with the white top it looked fantastic and all you need is a nice little necklace to top it off And you鈥檝e got a fantastic outfit to go out in anywhere.  I was really thinking that it wouldn鈥檛 be as pretty as the picture but it ended up really being nicer than I thought it鈥檚 really even nicer than the picture the picture doesn鈥檛 do it justice and I wish I could put up a picture of myself in the body suit  but my husband said it鈥檚 for his eyes only LOL!!  Take a chance you鈥檒l be glad you did !	review_date"
"I wear this teddy as a lingerie. It's very sexy	 this is a beautiful nighty that fits very comfortably. It stretches and is forgiving for us ladies with a little extra curves. The material is beautiful lace at the top and the bottom is with soft snap crotch	review_date"
"Even cuter in person	 the color is a little brighter! :)  I love that it's got the snap bottoms	 very convenient! The deep V is very sexy	 On date night I wore this with high waisted jeans and a shirt that slightly showed the top of the bodysuit.  My boyfriend was more than happy when I realized I was wearing this underneath.	review_date"
"Amazing! So comfy	 I'm 5'6	130lbs and perfect fit.	review_date"
"I'm 5'8 and 170lbs	 and while that obviously looks different on any woman	 this was simply far too large. The criss-cross backing pulls up the back to where it's just one air-filled sheet that covers your lower back	 making you look larger without any shape. I am ALWAYS a size L for Amazon	 and this was borderline ridiculous	 even with the straps shortened as far as they would go. Very	 very thin and unimpressive material. The only good thing I would say about this is the lacework	 I was actually surprised to see how well it was made. Too bad!	review_date"
"GREAT!! Love it 	 easy to adjust and is very comfortable!!!!!!	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit! To be honest	 my bodysuit expectations were low coming from amazon. I wanted to order from fashion nova which is where I normally order my bodysuits from	 but I was ordering like 3 days before I needed it and amazon prime has the fastest shipping	 so I gave it a shot!! Honestly	 I am so so impressed! I normal wear a large but lost some weight recently and decided to try a medium. It was slightly too big but I adjusted the straps and tighten them as much as I could and it fit perfectly! It was super stretchy and comfy and I got tons of compliments!! I would def recommend this to everyone!! Especially for the price!!	review_date"
"I ordered this item in a small	 although I am sometimes a small and sometime a medium	 depending on the produce. The item fits well on top and covers me enough that I would feel okay wearing it out	 but the length and bottom half are on the small side. If you wear an undergarment (which I did to try this on) you will surly see it on the hips because this item is very high cut on the legs. You may also be able to see skin poking out if your jeans are low rise. However	 I plan to wear this with a skirt and a jacket	 so it is just what I was looking for! I love that the back straps are both adjustable and stretchy	 making them comfortable and snug without digging in.	review_date"
"The fabric is soft and the quality of the clothing is decently made	 but the fit doesn't compliment me"
"I ordered a large in both white and blue. This top is PERFECT to pair under a leather skirt. It gives just the right amount of boobage. It also stays good while you鈥檙e dancing! I will say that the blue one is a lot prettier than the white one. I will be keeping the white one to see if it grows on me though. I wish they had black available when I purchased.... I would have gotten that instead of white. This is also a good top to not wear a bra with because of the thickness. You could easily get away with throwing on some silicone coverups. I am 5鈥? 170 Ibs for reference.	review_date"
"This is my all time favorite going-out shirt. I LOVE it. I wore it out with a high waisted skirt on my birthday and got lots of compliments!  I ordered the black in a small. I'm 5'5\	 125#	 34B measurements. It fits perfectly.""	review_date"
"The snaps in the crotch make it super easy to wear	the material is super soft and it looks great on! Being only 5'1 and 104 pounds I could really use an xs	review_date"
"I almost didn't return this	 but when I tried adjusting the straps there was so much room for adjusting but I could not get the open concept top half to fit as tightly to my body as I would have liked. I am a bit saggy	 so need some chest support. I guess this is prob not the cut for my body type. The material was very nice on both the top and the bottom	 and the crotch snaps are great. It seemed to run a little large. I wear a 16/38D	 and I probably should have gotten a large instead of XL.	review_date"
"First off I L O V E D the bodysuit!!I鈥檓 pretty curvy	 I generally wear a L/XL. I鈥檓 a 38DD	 5鈥? 200lbs. I have a shorter torso	 and it fits great!! I ordered the XL because I was nervous it wasn鈥檛 even going to fit	 I鈥檓 sure I could have went with the L but I didn鈥檛 want to chance it not fitting.Yes I will admit	 I was very unsure about ordering a bodysuit online... Ive had zero luck with instore bodysuits	 they never fit right!If you鈥檙e skeptical on purchasing just do it!	review_date"
"Fits pretty well	 just a bit loose in some areas.The slit really is a PLUNGING neckline haha	 which can be good or bad depending on the look you're going for"
"I absolutely LOVE this piece. I fell in love with it the second I slipped it on! I was extremely weary purchasing lingerie online	 but decided to do so after reading the reviews. It is SO soft and comfortable. I added an unfiltered real life photo of me for comparison.  I bought a large and I am 180lbs and 5鈥?鈥?with a 36DD chest	 it fits perfectly almost a little loose. The chest is adjustable	 which is nice since I am a little droopy. Buy it	 you鈥檒l thank yourself!	review_date"
"I got this to wear in Vegas. So sexy and very flattering! I usually wear a medium	 but sometimes a large due to having bigger boobs 38D. Ordered a large	 but hands down wish I would have ordered the medium instead. The large still looked great on	 but was a little looser than I had wished it would be.	review_date"
"聽Very cute! Shipped very fast! The material is of quality.	review_date"
"Its cute honestly. but i ordered a xl to be safe in size because im 5'9. They sent me a medium. Would have been ok with a large. I wore it to music festival but its uncomofrtable to wear down there bc it was riding up. that is because you have to tighten the adjustable strings so you dont flash everyone. Although	 when i was sitting with pasties on you had a full view. Eh. save your money	review_date"
"This product is made well and seems sturdy. It does run large - I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?120 lb and the small is pretty baggy at the waist	 and adjusting the straps tighter just makes it stretch between my ribs and my hips rather than flattering my waist. So if you鈥檙e normally a person who wears an extra small keep that in mind! Overall very comfortable and still will be worn.	review_date"
"Too big	 cheap materials. Snap crotch is hard to snap	 but better than it coming un snapped I guess. Bought the smallest size and I鈥檓 a size 3	 way too big unless you have an extremely large chest. Would fit a size 6 well	review_date"
"I followed the sizing guide and it was too big	 I returned it and when I went to order a smaller size the product was unavailable. I did really like this bodysuit though and would have ordered it had it been available.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 very sexy. The snaps are a little rough at first but get better after a few washes.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy just wish i kistened to the reviews and got a smaller size	review_date"
"Oh my gosh! Totally sexy!!!! I have been looking for one for a concert- I am totally impressed!!! I love it! Sizing is on point too!	review_date"
"I love the material and it was beautiful! Just as pictured. Although	 it was a little big on me. I鈥檓 5鈥? around 150lbs but I have smaller breasts lol so it was a bit baggy in the clevage area.	review_date"
"Love it so much. So cute and feels comfortable on. I got a large and it fits really nicely. I'm definitely getting more in other colours	review_date"
"Very cute and looks exactly like the pic however size down. I ordered a large and i typically wear large 31waist and the top was way to big it has adjustable straps but that didn't hero help much. Im reordering for a size medium	review_date"
"It looks cute	 feels great	 but it's slightly too big for me. Other buyers said it fit perfectly	 which is why I decided to get it.I'm on the petite side	 and despite being a member of the itty-bitty titty committee	 I have a little more than most girls my size. It didn't help like I thought it would. They should really offer an extra small for us tiny girls. We want to look sexy too. 馃様	review_date"
"LOVE THIS! It鈥檚 exactly what I wanted. I expected to order big until I read other reviews. I鈥檓 about 180	 5鈥?鈥? 36C and I got a medium and it fits perfect. I normally wear a M/L in shirts and a 10 in jeans. I ordered a large in another color just in case and it鈥檚 too big. The straps are too long even if I tighten them all the way.	review_date"
"I am SO pleased with this order! I am about 140lbs \u0026 5'7 and I decided to go with the Medium. It fits perfectly	 it compliments my body very well	 and it is very sexy. Especially for the price	 I am very very happy. I will certainly be ordering from this company again in the future. Would definitely recommend :)	review_date"
"Cute design and very comfortable. but the size is a little bit bigger than usual for xxl.	review_date"
"This bodysuit is GORGEOUS! I can not wait to wear it in vegas!	review_date"
"So gorgeous!! I can't wait to wear this! It's so flattering and beautiful!	review_date"
"Really Sexy and looks great on! Only complaint	 the snaps are not strong and constantly pop open	review_date"
"So comfy and soft ! Also durable not to think. So awesome !	review_date"
"My wife is comfortable to wear around the house	it's sensual and elegant.The nightgown is made of polyester material	 very soft (satin like) on the skin and the straps are very thin but they're adjustable. For the current price	 this is good quality nightgown.	review_date"
"I love this body suit. It fits well and is super sexy!	review_date"
"I bought this to wear under my high waisted skirt. It fits perfect and the lace detail is very nice. The bottom is \Snap Crotch\"" style	 soft and comfortable to wear. Like it!""	review_date"
"Great price	fits well	beautiful color	 soft material.you can use this as a nightgown or a slip for a dress.I ordered a M based on the amazon clothing charts	 the item fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Perfect! Very comfortable.. and looks amazing!!	review_date"
"Looks exactly as advertised. Super pretty! It's also extremely comfortable and fits as expected. Really happy with my purchase	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Love ut looks exactly like the picture and is actually really comfortable but I could've gone down a size it was a litrle bit to big.	review_date"
"Both top and bottoms fit perfectly. Very sexy! I wear the underwear more often. The top looks like the photoshoot!	review_date"
"Order a size smaller! Super cute	 just runs large	review_date"
"The material feels nice	 I've washed it a few times and hung to dry	 and it still looks good as new. Definitely recommended.	review_date"
"Very prompt delivery. Fits well	 nice fabric and very wearable.	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"A little bigger than expected	 but sexy. I liked it ok.	review_date"
"very cute. a nice material the snaps are a bit uncomfortable but nothing major.	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit! It鈥檚 super cute and fits well!	review_date"
"Loved it! Super sexy and great fit	review_date"
"It's really beautiful! Has snaps. Very fast shipping! Thank you :)	review_date"
"I love it looks great with jeans	review_date"
"This is AWESOME. I'm so excited to surprise my boyfriend and answer the door in this. I'm 5'10\	 36DD	 \u0026 about 175. I got the XL	 and it is super flattering.""	review_date"
"The night gown is comfortable and fits well	 why the 3 stars	 well we use white sheets and the dye transfer has ruined sheets. I have washed several times and used every trick I know to remedy this with no success.UPDATE - I am back here getting this in white	 the black one is still staining the sheets	 but it is so comfortable and my husband really likes it and hates to see me give it up and so we have decided maybe the white would be a good compromise.	review_date"
"I am 5'5	 at 178 and 5mnths pregnant(all baby weight in front). When i first saw the sleepwear I thought it looks like a thin slip not gown. It's smooth	 soft and not too short and not snug. I wear it to bed with no complaints because of the comfort.	review_date"
"This was a bit bigger than expected	 but that happens a lot on my 5'3\ frame. I never know if I am a small or a medium since my waist and bust are within the small size chart  (32A	 27 cm) but my hips are in the medium (39cm).  I ordered the medium but I probably should've gotten a small. I think if it fit right	 this would be adorable	 definitely would look great on most girls who don't have my odd measurements!""	review_date"
"I'm 5'2 and 120 pounds and the small was too large for me	 and much too long so it just looks silly. I don't think it's meant for us short girls	 but despite all that the quality seemed fine and it's very cute	 but I don't think i will be using it anytime soon.	review_date"
"It is true size iam 5'7 165 or 170 libs and size Large fits perfect its nice an soft material	 i got this one for hide that part of my underarms that you know when we got chubby looks terrible this babydoll hide it perfect!!	review_date"
"not only is this super cute	 it's comfortable and compared to other places you get a great deal for your money.  Will definitely be getting more from this brand. I ordered an X-large and it was just a little big for me	  but still a comfortable fit. I personally am 5'6\ 180lbs and a 36DDD""	review_date"
"Looks EXACTLY like the picture! Color and everything! The size chart was spot on on measures and oh my goodness it's super cute! I love it!One thing I'd say: MAKE SURE YOU ARE CHECKING ACCURATE MEASUREMENTS!!! I at first was looking at sizes I had written down for myself a bit ago and didn't think I'd changed much--Well I changed enough to be one size off. So make sure your measurements are accurate and up to date!	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love these nightgowns!!! I have them in several colors now!I'm tall \u0026 slender and usually wear a size M but to be safe	 I checked the sizing info. It resulted me in ordering a M and absolutely love the feel! I could have probably gotten away easily with a size S	 but I prefer having a bit more room and nothing snug. That being said	 it's not so big that sleeping in it causes a big wrestle match!I am very happy with my beautiful assortment of comfy and yet sexy sleepwear! (My husband loves them too! "
"I read the reviews before I purchased and was apprehensive about sizing. So I went up a size. Big mistake. I'm 5'9\ and about 200lbs. I got the XXL and it way too big. The length works well however as a normal nightgown but over all size is a bit too big. I should have got the XL. However it is beautiful and comfortable. The material and quality is what should be expected at this price range. It's hot high end satin or silk or lace. I definitely will need to hand wash or delicate wash this in a lingerie bag. LAY FLAT TO DRY! Feels soft and I'm sure after a gentle wash or steam it will loose the harsh lines from packaging. I would recommend this item if you're looking for a sexy but affordable black nightgown for a one time event. Not the kind of nightgown that will last more than a few months.""	review_date"
"I really like the way it fits	 it's very flattering and the build quality is good for the price. The fabric is a nice silky polyester with a good amount of stretch throughout the garment. The only thing I didn't like was the way the triangular top part of the dress fit	 it's really wide at the sides	 leaving a lot of hanging material. The overall fit is true to size. The dress fits loosely	 I am usually a medium but since it is loose you can get a small if you want a snugger fit. I would buy this again if need be.	review_date"
"There is size chart is misleading. They're 3XL fits like a 1xl. I like the style of the gown and the fabric and the design	 but they need to make the sizes V the chart. Every woman is not built the same way. So more fabric is needed for a 3XL which is what the manufacturer needs to take in consideration. I should have ordered a 5xl based on the way the gown was designed but that size was not available to me. I have very broad shoulders	 large bones and large muscles and I'm only 5 3. I only weigh 165 lb but a 3XL can't help me. Please consider making the gown fit the size chart.	review_date"
"This lovely slip or night dress is perfect! It fits well	 is flattering	 comfortable and isn't too shimmery /shiny. It's silk-like material is not cheap and has a bit of stretch to it. The lace at the front and hem is feminine and sexy. I did cut off the two bits of fabric that went from the front bow crossing the cleavage lace. It looks better without it. I also took off the two diamond beads.... I like the simple silk and lace without any bling. I have three of these now in black	 beige and white. My favorite night dress!	review_date"
"I really like this	 looks great on and seems to be made well. was good price also. did buy one size larger than I normally wear and am glad I did as I believe if I had bought the correct size it would have been to tight. nice addition to the bedroom "
"Cute nightie	 but I wanted something more flowing. I have other similar gowns that are cut on the bias	 giving them more of a tendency to fit nicely over curves. This one has some stretchy properties	 which becomes clingy instead. I read previous reviews and thought that a Large would have fit me well. I wear a size 16. I should have ordered an XL - though would likely still not have kept it because of the rest of the fit.	review_date"
"This is pretty and very soft	 but it's cut really weird	 so that even though I'm a very busty lady	 the fabric at the sides (side of breast and armpit area) flops waaaay out to the side	 really gape-y (that's not a problem I've had since before puberty). It's simply too much fabric and not at all cut to fit the area properly. I'd have to \take it in\"" in a couple different places in order for it to fit right. The rest fits well	 though.""	review_date"
"Got as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend. She was lamenting not having enough girly pajamas. I wanted to surprise her with something to make her feel flirty	 sexy	 and confident and this was perfect! It's even in her favorite color! She slept in it that very night with a smile on her face! I slept with a smile too. Any day I can make my lady feel confident and gorgeous is a good day!	review_date"
"I ordered a Small	 as I am a small woman	 and it ended up being a bit shapeless... I wanted something that would look a little bit more form fitting around the waist and chest but this ended up just sort of being a drape. Also would have liked it to be shorter. It is comfortable and still a little sexy with the slit	 and I personally really liked the pink color. If you are slender/athletic build	 you may consider sizing down.	review_date"
"I ordered the green and it's really pretty. Nice material and it has some stretch to it which always makes things fit more comfortably.  Got it for a daughter to wear on her honeymoon.  I got the XL because bigger would be better than smaller. It looks like what I would imagine a US sz. 12 to be.  Has adjustable straps too.	review_date"
"Well I guess it would fit your normal size	 but around the bust area there's a really odd flap in the bust area that sticks out instead of fitting the curve of your body. If you're a very very busty girl this wouldn't be a problem	 but I'm a size m 32 DD and the fit is just very weird. Order a size smaller if you want it to be fitting and hugging your body. Material is like satin.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1 and 118lbs I got baby blue in size small and it fits ok. I don't like too tight so I'm glad it's a little big. Fabric is good but I'm not a fan of the shoulder straps. I feel like they are flimsy and could break easily. Hopefully they are not and will last. Interesting review about the black. I'll check to see if blue rubs off on my sheets. Oh also I got the one in cotton so this may be different from the silk ones.	review_date"
"I ordered the light blue and while it is very pretty	 I had to give mine away because it was just too big. I am an XS in Juniors US sizes so if you are an XS in Women's maybe it would work for you but for a petite needing truly small sizes	 it's way too big.	review_date"
"mixed feelings on this	 the review will be confusing for most . anyways ... the sides	 below the armpits	 is too big	 have a lot of fabric there	 BUT the rest of the night gown fits very tight \u0026 it causes it to ride up	 so i can't wear it to the kitchen or around the house . pretty	 soft silk	 but too small everywhere other than the sides	 under the armpits .	review_date"
"This is so pretty for such an inexpensive item. I'm 5'8\	 weigh 156	 and I'm pear-shaped. I generally wear an 8	 so I bought a M	 but I could have gone with a small because this slip has a little room to give-- especially in the bust area (for me anyway)	 but it still looks very nice	 so I'll probably save myself the trouble of returning and just keep the M.""	review_date"
"I ordered this in an XL	 and I normally wear a 12.  It is loose fitting	 but that is what I wanted.  The material is really nice and is also a little bit stretchy.  The color is beautiful.  Overall I am super super happy with this purchase and intend to purchase a few more colors.  Cannot beat it for the price.	review_date"
"I wish the material was a step up in quality	 but it's comfy	 flattering and lovely. It may be a smidge snug if you are someone that float between a 2x and 3x. If you are a toss-up between sizes	 I recommend going a size up	 especially for larger-chested ladies.	review_date"
"I am 5'5 and 144 lbs. I ordered a medium since the size guide said \fits as expected\""	 but I should've read the reviews like I usually do. For a medium	 this actually fit more like a large or XL! If you are looking for something a little tighter and sexier	 size down. If you are looking for a slip to sleep in that is loose and comfy	 get your normal size. It is beautiful and well made. The fabic is nice and not thin or cheap.""	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised by the fit and the quality. I鈥檓 5鈥?6鈥? ~145 lbs	 and bought a medium	 which is my typical size. This fits perfectly and the color is BEAUTIFUL. It says to hand wash	 but I put it in the washing machine on gentle cycle and it is just fine. I love it and will buy another in a different color.	review_date"
"Love the style and the stretchy satin quality is good very happy. But its too big about to take in 3/4\ on each side.  So I am ordering and extra small in hopes that one fits right.  I typically wear 6 dress size  (almost 8)  small in adult womem stuff. I am petitie 5'3 about 145.""	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and about 220. I ordered an XL. Loved it!	review_date"
"Very nice fit and looks and feels great. I plan to buy another in a different color.	review_date"
"I wanted something to feel sexy but comfy to sleep in and this was the best choice! Very silky feel to it	 not scratchy. I like the little peek-a-boo slit on the side. He actually turned off a football game when I walked in with it on lol! "
"This gown seems to be sized U.S. It fit me well and is very flattering. I am going to order another color and I sure hope the sizing is consistent because I ordered another gown by this manufacturer that was not U.S. sizing at all.	review_date"
"I was looking for something I could wear around the house without showing a lot since I have two kids I wanted something sexy but comfortable at the same time this lingerie dress is well made and soft I love it I will be buying again	review_date"
"Pretty and if I were a size 0-11 with A/B cups	 it'd be great. These nighties are designed on petite Asian women	 not overweight Caucasians	 and the design simply doesn't transition well. It's very disappointing. This was the 2nd one I purchased	 hoping the 1st was a fluke. Both were returned and my money returned promptly.	review_date"
"Received this in the light purple satin and love it! Very pretty with the lace detail and Elegant with the slit up the leg. Very comfortable and fits true to size.  It does have adjustable straps if you need to shorten. Love so much I have to order another color.	review_date"
"Too big and also this photo looks fitted	 whereas the actual product is not fitted at all.  It has no shape to it.  It just hangs straight down.  I would not recommend this cheap product to anyone.  Its garbage.	review_date"
"Very good quality and very pretty. However this is some what larger in size. If you buy go with a size smaller.	review_date"
"I wear a 2x shirt	 18 jeans. The top of this was too big and a bit too small in the stomach and hips. I'd prefer it to be reverse. If you have a bigger bust but smaller stomach and hips	 the xxl is for you. I ordered the white. It's very beautiful and seems good quality.	review_date"
"Very nice fit. Sexy but not conservative enough you could wear it around your kids. The gown is very well made	 there are no itchy seams. Very comfy	 the straps are made from a tight elastic (adjustable) so they give when you move without having to readjust the gown. I will be buying more.	review_date"
"The material is soft and the fit perfect. Even after numerous washes on regular cycle it has held its shape. I am currently waiting on my THIRD one.	review_date"
"Really pretty color (green) and soft to the touch. I have an XL and it was a tiny bit big.  I am normally a size 12.  I washed in cold and hung it to dry.  Turned out just fine.  I would definitely nuy it again. Fiance gave it 5 stars!	review_date"
"The lingerie is just like the picture	 although	 slightly more of an ivory/off white color	 rather than pure white.I rated it four starts simply because it's not the greatest look on me	 but definitely not the worst. All depends on what you like. Otherwise	 it's a great buy at a great price! The xs fit great	 as I am 110 lbs.	review_date"
"Really nice! Hunter green is difficult to find \u0026 this one is beautiful. Ivory lace \u0026	the little rhinestones are pretty. Fits a little small...I followed others reviews \u0026 ordered a size up \u0026 it was perfect. Would purchase from this company again.	review_date"
"Very static-y! It was a bigger than I expected	 but comfy. I love the slit and the lace. I think it's great for a cute little nightgown to actually sleep in	 but it's definitely not lingerie.	review_date"
"This is great for the price! It's soft	 pretty	 and sexy. True to size.  I'm a large and that's what I ordered and it fit great!	review_date"
"We used this for a costume for a performance and it's held up pretty well through numerous rehersals.  It's not as soft and comfy as I'd prefer	 but it fits well	 covers what it needs to	 and is pleasant to sleep in.	review_date"
"This is a very pretty satin Chemise. The detail is very nice and it鈥檚 very soft to the touch. It is a trifle large	 but still serves its purpose perfectly. You must be careful when cleaning it. It wrinkles easily	 but a little steam does the trick!	review_date"
"I thought it was jersey knit do I returned it. I didn't care for the straps. BUT	 it was very nice looking	 lightweight for those that like that kind of fabric	 and fits perfectly. It's just the spandex stuff I don't care for in clothing because I sleep hot.	review_date"
"Very nice	 great quality and materials	 a wow ! product	 its just it was way bigger than i thought	 im 5'7\ weight 135 lbs	 use size 8 and this 8 feels more like a 10	 i could still wear it but is pretty loose.""	review_date"
"I ordered 3 different styles of this brand	 but this was so very big if comparing with another style same brand. My weight is 114 pounds	 5.2 high	 32D I ordered size xs but it still very big big on me. I ordered 2 more of another style ( same brand)  size s 	 but they were perfectly fit on me .	review_date"
"I love these. I bought 3 in different colours. They look and feel very expensive. Beautiful fabric	 extra details like adjustable straps	lace and rosettes. I use them as slips  and to sleep in. For the price	 quite a value.	review_date"
"It was too large for me. Im 5'5 150pounds and I got the medium but it was too big. Im keeping it though. Maybe ill buy the small. It does have some stretch to it which is great	review_date"
"I got the small size for my wife who is 5鈥?鈥?and weighs around 122lbs. She is a 34D and this fits her perfect and she looks sexy in it.	review_date"
"I bought a Medium because I tend to get burned when buying online. I am 5'4 and 125-definitely could have bought the small because I have a small bust.I am very pleased with the quality of the item for the price- and it arrived promptly and exactly as described! I ordered this product to wear as a slip	 and am SO pleased	 as it does not ride up or twist! I will be ordering a second one in the appropriate size soon!	review_date"
"I love everything about this slip. I've bought in multiple colors and their cut and fit are all consistent! It's sexy	 the perfect length	 and has adjustable straps. Buy this!!! Blows VS out of the water.	review_date"
"Nicely made.  Great value for the price.	review_date"
"I ordered this Sunday evening and got it tonight	 just two days later.  The fit is perfect and hits my curves in the right spots.  My issue is that the threading is already coming undone at the bottom and the little ribbon and crystal by the leg slit is about to fall off.  Overall	 I'll keep wearing it but clearly the product is shoddy.	review_date"
"This is comfy	 sexy	 and keeps me cool at night. Is great for the price. I line dry it and wash it on delicate so it's holding up very well. If you have a lingerie bag it couldn't hurt to wash it in there.	review_date"
"I wear a size 16 and ordered the XXL. It gets well but gaps at the armpits slightly. Not enough that I would want to return it. The straps and lace are very stretchy and not scratchy. The material does not feel satiny but it鈥檚 slick enough that you can turn around without twisting the nighty or pulling the sheets with you. All around great purchase!	review_date"
"I ordered my normal size and it fits like perfection鈥?I have board at sleep attire as well as under a dress鈥?It fits like a dream and feels amazing against your body鈥?Very well-made-  I am pleased and will order again !!	review_date"
"My bf is gonna love this. I'm 5'3	 160lbs 	 38D and I purchased a large. It fits great and is super flattering.I also wore it under a dress like a slip and it was super comfy.	review_date"
"It is comfortable and a decent length for relaxing in. Not very form fitting which could be a positive for negative. I was hoping for slightly form fitting for sexy but comfy.	review_date"
"Great nightgown at a great price. Satin feels very soft and it fits very well. For reference I am 5'6 125 lbs and the Small fits perfectly. I will definitely buy in other colors - thank you!	review_date"
"Not as sexy as the picture looks. More like a slip	 but is a pretty thick material. Wore it on my wedding night. My husband liked it	 but I haven鈥檛 worn it since.	review_date"
"Size chart is wayyyyy off. I'm 40\ in the hips and ordered the XL (chart lists XL in hips as 44-45.5\"") since I like a little extra room	 but this was skin-tight. Returned for full refund since sizing information is inaccurate.""	review_date"
"its just ok. Maybe I needed a smaller size because it鈥檚 longer than I鈥檇 like and pretty saggy in all the wrong places. Comfy but keep static guard on hand because it sticks to every part of you.	review_date"
"This product was exactly as described and pictured!  I was very satisfied with both the fit and the feel of the fabric.  I'm 5'8\	 200lbs	 and a size 38B.""	review_date"
"This nightgown is cute and comfortable.  Fits great	review_date"
"wife wanted something to wear to bed besides t-shirts and now its one of her favorite things to wearsize fit so perfect for her and according to her very comfortable will end up buying more of these in different colors because she loves them	review_date"
"Bride loved it! She said it was very high quality and perfect. I never saw it but she raves about it.	review_date"
"Torn at the lace then gives me the run around on returning..still have the defected item	review_date"
"Beautiful!...specifically the lace and slit on the side!  Just too big...would love to return original and receive a replacement in a LARGE...please advise of next steps...thank you!	review_date"
"wouldn't recommend	review_date"
"Doesn't fit well and is clearly crappy fabric. Guess I should have known that would happen when buying cheap clothes online.	review_date"
"Feels cheap and itchy.	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful but a little too fitted for me. This light color is gorgeous on its own but if you鈥檙e a bit lumpy like me	 it鈥檚 gonna show every bump. So I loved it but I returned it for dark color	review_date"
"Pretty nice material considering the cost of the nightgown. I'm 5'6\ and I have a longer than average torso	 and it was still pretty long on me. I wish it was maybe a couple inches shorter	 as it almost hits my knees. But it's great if you want something to lounge around the house in. Great color as well.""	review_date"
"I bought this to fit a human. It might fit a Barbie. I was told I couldn鈥檛 return it because I鈥檇 have to pay for shipping it back to China. Very dissapointed I wasted my money. Threw it in the trash.	review_date"
"This is the prettiest camisole-type nightie.Roomier than expected	 I could've ordered a size smaller.Nice quality	 comfortable \u0026 looks great under a satin robe.	review_date"
"I adore this nightgown!  It's satiny soft and sexy	 but covers my belly-fat quite nicely.  It washes well and is comfortable to sleep in.  I love it so much	 I bought it in multiple colors!	review_date"
Sooooo super soft and sexy. He loved it 
"This Satin Lace Chemise is so sexy!! It fits nicely and is comfortable enough to sleep in. The BF loves it.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 but the lace under the arms was scratchy	review_date"
"Very well constructed and nicely detailed. Size was somewhat large so I ordered a smaller one in a different color.	review_date"
"I love these pajamas they are so comfortable and are made of very good quality and stitching. I have bought a few of them and plan on buying more of them.	review_date"
"This is super pretty however I ordered a size small (I am 5鈥? and 140 pounds) and it was too large on me. I would recommend sizing down. The return was very easy to do though!	review_date"
"I wear this slip under cotton dresses that need a little extra layer underneath them and it works well.  The lace is nice for lower cut blouses and dresses as a decorative touch.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! Soft silky material and very flattering on curvy figure!	review_date"
"I love these little nightgown. Soft \u0026 pretty. They run really big. The small is actually the size of a large. I had to alter it to fit.	review_date"
"I love the silky feel. The sleepwear is both comfortable and sexy. I have four of them in different colors. Not disappointed yet	 and will most likely purchase a few more. The fit is good -- I bought X-L because I am large breasted (38G) and hate nightwear that presses too tightly on top. These nightgowns are perfect for me	 and the straps are adjustable	 too.	review_date"
"WAY too small!	review_date"
"Very pretty good quality but larger then an xs for sure still can ware but runs big for sure	review_date"
"My mom really likes it and according to her	 it feels really smooth on the sking and looks great. The color is nice and as expected.	review_date"
"This is a wonderful nightgown.  Love the material	 color and quality.  Will be ordering a few more in different colors.	review_date"
"The picture represents the color perfectly. It fits well and is really silky. I ordered an XXL and typically wear a size 18/40D. I will definitely purchase additional colors!	review_date"
"I purchased this for my girlfriend's birthday and it fit her well. It is made out of quality material that doesn't have holes after a few uses and is definitely worth the buy.	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 give a perfect score because it was a little long. Perhaps it was because I am a little on the short side.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6 and about 170lbs. I usually order large but went for a medium. It fits nicely. This is my new sleeping attire	 comfy and has a little sexiness to it. I really like it	 good buy.	review_date"
"Really pretty.  It is a gentle A-line shape so it will fit most figures. The fit is slightly relaxed and gives a nice silhouette	review_date"
"I can fit into anywhere from a size 2-8 dress size depending on the brand and desired snugness I'm looking for. Most typically I wear a 6. I'm 5'7\ and about 140 pounds and wear a size 34DD bra. The SMALL fits me comfortably. As for length	 it covers the bum and falls at about 5 inches above my knee. The slit up the side is a nice sexy detail - it opens high enough to show off some leg and hip - but not too high that you feel exposed.After receiving this in the mail	 I wore it to sleep that night and slipped into bed feeling beautiful. This has pretty detail and is of good quality! I'm actually planning on purchasing a couple more colors for myself and thinking it'd be a good bachelorette gift for a few girlfriends that are getting married this year. This is the kind of nightgown that has sex appeal - without being overt. I could definitely see this being an every night kind of sleepwear... a sexy	 classic little number.""	review_date"
"I like the way this fits. The color is rich	 but not super bright or obnoxious. I am 5'4\	 200 lbs	 and got the purple xl. Fits well	 and I would purchase from this company again.""	review_date"
"It's so gorgeous!! Just as described. I bought the Hunter Green color and it looks just like the picture. Can't wait to wear it!! Will be purchasing more colors soon. :)	review_date"
"My wife is a bustier woman (38D)	 though still fairly petite and of an average height (5' 8\). Because of her skinny waist and large bust size its very hard to find lingerie that fit well. This piece is one of the few exceptions. This fit perfectly. The material was thick and soft and the deep emerald green was a lovely shade.""	review_date"
"The stars are for its fabric material and style. Its size is completely different than what I expected. This dress is too big. I hope it wasn't that big	 I would give it five stars.	review_date"
"Very sexy but not too bawdy.  Feels great and got rave reaction from mate.	review_date"
"I have not slept in it yet but tried on and fits great	 soft	 sexy. depending on how I sleep in it	 if it breathes	 etc I may be buying more.	review_date"
"So far seems to be of very nice quality! Looks and feels very sexy!	review_date"
"Super comfortable. Really like it - would order again. Really pretty color. Really soft also. Fit perfect \u0026 perfecf length	review_date"
"Silky	 comfortable	 fit as expected.  Love it.	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable and cool to sleep. Also can be wore as a slip undergarment.Femenine and delicate	review_date"
"Very cute!  Feels great!  Comfortable!  True to size!  Color as shown!	review_date"
"This was much too large. I am 5'2\	 120lbs and I ordered a small and it was too big.""	review_date"
"I like the style	 detailing and fabric of this nightgown slip. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 125lb	 and purchased the size small. It is not clingy or too tight. I鈥檓 currently on the heavy end of my weight	 and the easy fit of this makes me feel good and not self conscious. Purple color is rich and true to photo. I will be buying more colors.	review_date"
"This gown continues to leave black residue on the sheets.  It has been washed several times a still leaves the sheets with black stains.  This gown is horrible.	review_date"
"I had to return this for a size up but the material is great and I will be ordering more. The fabric is soft and comfortable. It is also very stretchy.	review_date"
"Very comfortable to sleep in and still kinda sexy :) i would definitely recommend and might get more Colors	review_date"
"I like these. They are very comfortable and sexy. Way better than wearing normal pajamas! Order the size it says	 not the size you normally wear and you should be fine. The quality seems really good on these. Follow the washing instructions and it should last you a long time!	review_date"
"This is my favorite sexy nightie to wear! The lace is sewn onto the fabric well	 and the leg slit has the perfect height and positioning.	review_date"
"Beautiful	 My sister loved it and as did her husband	review_date"
"Fit snug	 which was perfect. My wife really like this. So then that means I like it too!	review_date"
"Purchased this for my wife.  She likes the comfort and design.  I will be buying her more of these on different colors.  PS....I like how it looks on her as well. :)	review_date"
"Not very flattering style ...Bought the large...I am about 5'4 150 pounds...too big...looks like a sack....washes well though	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous!  I bought 6 of them in different colors!  They fit perfect.  Are incredibly comfortable to sleep in.  The material and lace and not in the least bit scratchy.  FANTASTIC!!!  Thank you so very	 very much!!  (Also	 incredibly FAST delivery!)	review_date"
"Take a large and fits well.  Nice material and product came as shown.  Would buy again.	review_date"
"The material is smooth and comfy. I am a size C and my boobs fit great in the medium. In fact I could have gotten a small. Very beautiful.	review_date"
"This is a very pretty nightie.  It is soft and the blue is a soft flattering color. I am a 38 DD.	review_date"
"Soft and luxurious.  So pretty.  Makes one fee beautiful!  Very comfortable	 too.	review_date"
"Great fit! Nice and soft and very comfortable. I did have to adjust the straps but other then that it was perfect!	review_date"
"Nice runs big and is a little longer than expected but is still really nice	review_date"
"Looks great on my lady!  She says it is very comfortable.	review_date"
"I purchased the beige in a XXL I'm 5'2  and weigh 240 at the moment. I  bought this to feel comfortable and somewhat sexy. It's perfect and my fiance loves it. I'm tempted to purchase again in a different color.	review_date"
"Really cute nightgown. This brand has nice sleepwear.	review_date"
"Nicely made	 comfortable and fits just right	review_date"
"Nice nightgown	 stretchy straps makes it a good sleeping nightie too.	review_date"
"Very pretty on the wife. She likes it for it it's softness.	review_date"
"Thin light and somewhat sheer. Very nice	review_date"
"I really like this one I got the 2x thinking it aould fit perfect but I think I could of gotten the 1x and it would of  been the right size. I have washed it multiple times and the color is still the same and material is still great.	review_date"
"Very nice quality. Was a little too large but I am keeping it.  I sew and can take it in a little.	review_date"
"Love the silky feel.  Beautiful and elegant!	review_date"
"Pros- Fits for the most part	 comfortableCons- the straps are really thin	 it gaps around the sides of my boobs (40DD)I could see someone with a smaller chest wearing this	 and feeling cute in it	 but not someone with a large chest.	review_date"
"This silky nightgown was felt nice	 and looked good too.  However	 I have fairly large breasts	 and even though i did get the larger nightgown	 it just didn't fit quite right.  Don't get me wrong	 the nightgown was cute	 and my partner thought it was sexy	 it just didn't fit me quite like I was hoping.  Ended up returning for a full refund.	review_date"
"Looks nice and comfy. Came with a weird chemical smell	 so definitely need to wash it first. I'm 5'4\ 120lbs with a petite frame and the size small was a little too big. I'm keeping it	 but wish I would have gotten an XS.""	review_date"
"Very nice dress	 just more dressier than I really wanted. Great for a formal occasion.	review_date"
"Cute and excellent value!!	review_date"
"Very pretty	 made nice. Loved it because not too trashy.	review_date"
"I love it. Fits great	 length is short but in too short (I'm 5'10\. Wonderful feeling fabric. Just a great	 sexy little nightie!!!""	review_date"
"It is pretty and it fits.  I am quite small and it still manages to be somewhat flattering 33-24-33.  It is very soft and comfy and I will enjoy sleeping in it.	review_date"
"He comprado varios colores. Buena elecci贸n.	review_date"
"It is so comfortable and covers enough but still looks sexy.	review_date"
"fits nice and is as advertised	review_date"
"Fit nicely and is cute.	review_date"
"Very beautiful. I am a size 6	 sometimes 8	 which is a U.S.medium. I ordered this in a medium	 but it is too large for me. That said	 it is also very nice. I will keep it	 since it feels so nice.	review_date"
"The quality on this was unexpected. This is so well made and soooo comfy.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable. True fit.  Looks like the picture.	review_date"
"la tela  y no cae	 no es comoda	review_date"
"Very softand sexy	review_date"
"Very very soft	 mostly be ause I was burn by the sun in a cruise....love it!	review_date"
"Very high quality and luxurious feel	review_date"
"wife loves it on. Very sexy	review_date"
"Fit is a little tighter than I'd like	"
"Too big big cute	review_date"
"Very happy. Purchased for honeymoon and the fabric had a nice feel and a very flattering fit.	review_date"
"I really like this very cool at night. love the rich color.	review_date"
"Very low quality.  I returned it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute- not too forgiving but I think that is mostly the color- darker colors of this don鈥檛 have that problem	review_date"
"Was really excited to receive this but it arrived with a large rip down one side/or an unfinished seam on the side. Wasn't hard to sew back up but disappointed about the quality upon arrival. Looks good on but is a little longer than anticipated and I'm 5'5	review_date"
"It's gorgeous	 my boyfriend loves it on me.	review_date"
"I love this product. I did order it in a bigger size in case it ran small as expected and it did. One size up was perfect!	review_date"
"I bought 1 size up and it fits nicely. This has a nice strech to it unlike other \silk\"" nightgowns. It makes it very comfy. Very pretty""	review_date"
"The XS is more of a Medium	 WAY to big for me.	review_date"
"Absolutely lovely. Color beautiful. Fits so comfortably. I wish I.could stay in these 24 hours a day. Can't wait for a netflix and chill day. Even if im completely alone. Couldn't be Happier	review_date"
"Very soft \u0026 feminine.  Love it!	review_date"
"Nice fit	review_date"
"nice fit	review_date"
"I have needed a full slip for a while. Glad I purchased this one. Very cute \u0026 fits well.	review_date"
"I love this satin gown!  Made well	 satin is the perfect weight.	review_date"
"Comfortable and cool for summer	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and is very flattering on.	review_date"
"I'm 5' 6\ and 183 lbs. I love the material	 and I guess this needs a hand wash. I specifically find the lace is so charming and gorgeous. I would give it 5 star but I found it's bit large than I expected	 but overall much satisfied.""	review_date"
"Cheaply made and feels cheap. But it is cheap. You get what you pay for.  Size small is too big for a 5'1\ 100 lb female human	 but no xtra small was available.""	review_date"
"Bought 2 X and it fit great I take a XLg so I knew I needed to go up 2 sizes.	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Even though I bought a small	 the item was too big. And what鈥檚 stupid is that in order to return it. I鈥檇 have to pay shipping. So I just waisted money on this purchase	review_date"
"Beautiful	 fits good and feels good.	review_date"
"This was a little large and flares out near the armpit area in the front. It is for sleeping so not a big deal. Doesnt stay in place well though which can be annoying.	review_date"
"not much shape around the bust	 gaps at the arm holes	 had to alter to make it appealing	review_date"
"Soft	 pretty	 flirty	 simple	 comfortable	 with nice trim design.	review_date"
"a little snug but I love it regardless.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 very upset with this item! It came full of dust?! Yes	 dusty nightwear... also runs big. Medium looked like an XL. This is definetly going back to its seller. Don鈥檛 waste your money.	review_date"
"This is gorgeous! Very flattering and doesn't look cheap at all! The material looks like silk but has some stretch to it also. Absolutely love it!	review_date"
"The gown does have \some\"" stretch to it	 I wear a dress size 14 and ordered size XL	 but it was way too snuggy...but cute. I didn't return it because I plan to fit in it in th future!!""	review_date"
"The fit is great...the fabric is good.  It's a good buy for the price.	review_date"
"Very nice addition	review_date"
"Good quality material.  Soft	 silky	 and sexy.	review_date"
"Beautiful nighty soft \u0026 sexy	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable! Love it!	review_date"
"to small or she is to big	review_date"
"Real tight through the bust. Makes your figure look non flattering	review_date"
"Comfy	review_date"
"Very comfy	 fits well hubby loves it!	review_date"
"I ordered an xs and it's still way too big on me. Don't get if you're petite (I'm 90lbs and 5'3\). The fabric itself is kinda see thru and not very good quality.""	review_date"
"perfect ft washes well  Then ordered another color as well	review_date"
"This one seems different than the other colors. Did not fit as well. But still very pretty and I wear it anyway!	review_date"
"Fits true to size. Very comfortable and washes well.	review_date"
"Wife loves it. Fits as advertised	 definitely hand wash separately because it will bleed on other fabrics.	review_date"
"I have 2 of these already and I absolutely love them!  Very delicate and feminine.  As long as you hand wash them they will last quite some time.	review_date"
"size runs incredibly small	review_date"
"Not bad	 the lace looks a bit cheesy. I have a pj set in the same fabric from this company in the same size that fits well	 but this was too big. I may sew some darts into it to fix that.	review_date"
"Really nice! So soft! Love it but just a bit small.	review_date"
"If you are looking for a silkie night gown nothing sexy this is for you. Not as form fitting as I would have liked. Comfortable. Company provides excellent customer service.	review_date"
"So soft and very comfortable to wear	review_date"
"Comfy and sexy. Nice product. Stretchy enough to fit a variety of body shapes without being binding.	review_date"
"Very sexy and cute	review_date"
"Oh	 it took my breath away	 Ladies listen you got yo have one of these	 it fits and looks gorgeous. Really!	review_date"
"Very cute	 well made and fit nicely.	review_date"
"Very cute I wear this around the house when I don鈥檛 want my bf to think I鈥檓 a slob but I still wanna be comfy.	review_date"
"The material is very silky and I was looking for a lighter more cotton like fabric. Also	 I am a pear shape and cut was not very flattering. The size was true.	review_date"
"Good quality and size.	review_date"
"This is so ugly.	review_date"
"Nice fabric looks and feel good	 the lace is also well made. Washes well. I wear the gown all the time to bed. Cute but comfortable. No boob support but because it鈥檚 a thick fabric it doesn鈥檛 look unappealing for us ladies with a lot of boobie	review_date"
"It fit comfortably with no hugging and I didn't even overheat in it overnight.	review_date"
"Very cute and flattering.  Well worth the price and I will be ordering more in different colors!	review_date"
"Super comfy but a little small.	review_date"
"Fabric is comfortable and the fit was good.  I would buy it again.	review_date"
"Quality fabric	 quality stitching	 but I did not care for the way the lace stood out around the top of the bust. It just looked awkward	 and I returned the item.	review_date"
"It fits ok	 but there is a big gap by the bust \u0026 armpit.  But	 if I get a smaller size	 it won't fit my hips.  The price was right	 so I am keeping it.  Maybe with some washings	 it will fit better.	review_date"
"Love this nightie. My only improvement would be the lace by the arms is loose. Would prefer without.	review_date"
"My wife looked stunning in it!	review_date"
"Bought a couple of these	 2 are great.  What was annoying	 was i ordered a medium in purple	 that's what the label said as well.  However it was a pink medium.  I hate returns	 so giving to a friend.  Writing this review to advise company to check their product.	review_date"
"Weird fit in bust area. Not flattering	 looks cheap.	review_date"
"Very cute and comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 170 pounds	 36C bra size and I ordered a large	 fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Loving this! It is perfect and WELL...if my husband enjoys it...what more can I say!!! NICE!	review_date"
"Very happy with this purchase! It's decent quality for the price and very comfy! Very flattering!	review_date"
"Nice for the money! Comfortable too!	review_date"
"This fits ok	 it just isn't very cute.	review_date"
"Love it ...so comfy	review_date"
"Wedding shower gift!	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable	 and I'm completely in love with all the little details! It's a bit snug across the chest	 so you may want to order up a size.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"My GF did not like the way it fit.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very pretty and sexy. I got the green and gray. It doesn鈥檛 feel scratchy or cheap. It鈥檚 nice quality and I would definitely recommend purchasing.	review_date"
"Fits well	 and has held up nicely through multiple washings. Nice satin texture	review_date"
"Size is smaller than US sizes	review_date"
"Pretty but runs a little small in the chest area.	review_date"
"I got this to do a scene from a play expecting that I would never use it afterwards ... I'm loving it and use it all the time.	review_date"
"This sexy lingerie came in today within a week from the day I ordered. It鈥檚 smooth	 of high quality and the color is just as shown in the picture. Love it馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"Wonderful material and very comfortable also the color is lovely	review_date"
"Wonderful product.  My wife love the feel and the comfort of this nightgown.  Very smooth and silky and soft.	review_date"
"Soft \u0026 silky.  Runs a bit large! Fast delivery	review_date"
"Very nice...fits perfect	review_date"
"Go down at least a size	review_date"
"Looks good and fits well.	review_date"
"Runs small and too long. Returned.	review_date"
"I love it... and the hubby loves it as well... it feels so soft and sexy.  I am very satisfy with my purchase.	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"It was a bit to big for me so I gave it to my daughter so my money didn't waste.	review_date"
"Wow What a great product Thank you	review_date"
"Pretty and soft nightie	 but just wasn't flattering on my figure. Would be much better for a curvier girl.	review_date"
"Still very cute though.	review_date"
"looks great on her !!	review_date"
"Pretty good quality for the price. Got the pink and I really like it. The black lace makes it just the right amount of rawr!	review_date"
"This chemise is satiny smooth and very classy.  It is difficult to find a classy chemise that covers your private and looks classy \u0026 sexy at the same time.  I am 5'5'' and 118 lbs ans ordered size small and it fit perfectly.  The slit of the side gives it a sexy look without taking away from this truly classy chemise.  It has a rhinestone at the cleavage and one at the top of the side slip.  This chemise is not only comfortable	 but classy sexy.  I will definitely be ordered this same chemise in other colors.  I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Loved how this fit me so much that I got theee in different colors. Nice little slit at the side. Overall classy and sexy both.	review_date"
"Fits great	 very soft and my wife says it is very comfortable	review_date"
"The wife loved it	review_date"
"Very pretty nightie. Soft and looks fantastic!	review_date"
"I was kind of expecting it to be a little more form fitting	 for some reason.  However	 it does fit and I didn't have any need to return it or exchange it for a different size.  It is cute and comfortable.	review_date"
"I really like this gown!  Very soft and fits comfortable.	review_date"
"This was a little larger than expected but was still fine. Very comfy!	review_date"
"Average to poor fit.	review_date"
"It is a high quality product. I like the silky material it is made with. The only negattive thing is that it is a little bit smaller than I thought. But It still works.	review_date"
"Lovely fit very comfortable will be getting a couple more in different colours.	review_date"
"Good quality. Wash it by hand.	review_date"
"Love it! Fit as expected looked same as pictured.	review_date"
"Really love the details on this one.  Fabric is very stretchy so it should adjust well for any body type.  I am ordering this one in additional colors.	review_date"
"Cute and soft but ill fitting. Very big on the top	review_date"
"The fabric is fabulous	 the lace gorgeous. But the XL is a US size 10.  If you are used to an XL being a 16 then don't bother with this garment.	review_date"
"Was a bit small but still fit okay. Like the color too. Very soft fabric.	review_date"
"EASY ENOUGH TO PUT ON	review_date"
"beautiful just like the picture...fits perfect im a size 8 and ordered a medium	review_date"
"it's lovely and came nicely packaged and in a jiffy :@ )  i'm wearing it as a slip under a fairly see-through pink dress... it's perfect!	review_date"
"Very sweet. Soft and bouncy material.	review_date"
"Received mine today. True to size. Great material. I was amazed by the quality. My fiance loved it and I felt sexy in it. Pair it up with some sexy underwear!	review_date"
"Okay quality wise but not comfortable or attractive for those with a tummy.	review_date"
"love this	 soft and comfy	review_date"
"Very comfortable and soft!Went by the sizing chart and it fits great.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Beautiful	 soft and well made. Not sheer but not heavy	review_date"
"Perfect size wife loves them	review_date"
"Loved this	 ordered another.	review_date"
"Looked and felt nice. Had to return because the size I ordered was to small. Going up a size or two may have worked out better	review_date"
"Looks nice	review_date"
"This is great quality! I'm shocked!	review_date"
"It runs a little small	review_date"
"Great price for quality of item. However it runs a tad bit larger than expected so I suggest getting a size down	review_date"
"Crappy	review_date"
"Pretty	 but the material feels kind of cheap	review_date"
"Lovin it.  Glad I took a chance at buying pajamas that i hadn't seen	review_date"
"A little tight in the hips..... I am larger on bottom though. well made	 nice material.	review_date"
"Cute	 fits as expected	 fabric does not breathe at all.	review_date"
"DON'T BUY LINGERIE THOUGH AMAZON UNLESS YOU KNOW THE BRAND. AWFUL.	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"A little long for me but I'm 5ft tall. The material is very comfy and lace is not itchy.	review_date"
"It's very pretty and comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful baby doll and I will buy more from this store	review_date"
"fine	review_date"
"Sexy bit not sleazy- pretty and perfect as a bridal shower gift	review_date"
"Fits nicely and the straps are adjustable which is always a plus. Sadly the little gem thing near the leg slit fell off pretty quickly.	review_date"
"she fells great in it...and looks great on her	review_date"
"On the big side and more yellow than I was expecting.	review_date"
"Feels and fits great! Exactly what i wss looking for!	review_date"
"low quality	review_date"
"It fits prefect .	review_date"
"This fits perfectly. It鈥檚 wide enough for someone with hips and hangs just right. Fit my top perfectly and the length is perfect.	review_date"
"Great looks great wife loves it.	review_date"
"I love this Chemise.  Very nice	review_date"
"Unfortunately	 this nightgown had a blotchy color pattern after its first wash. The material is soft but perhaps the dye is cheap and ruined in the first wash.	review_date"
"Looks great and is very comfortable. Super silky on the skin too.	review_date"
"Fit was perfect..color: Black bled into my sheets even after several washings	 finally resorted to hot water to extract excess dye to no avail still ruined sheets.	review_date"
"This is the third one I bought	 great for the price	review_date"
"Fit perfect	 feel so sexy in it.	review_date"
"This is s great chemise. I has a bit of stretch. Will order in another color.	review_date"
"Very disappointed. Without a bra the neckline is too high	 making it look terrible. Also not comfortable. Will be returning	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised when I received two of these gowns. I actually bought for a hospital stay and they are so nice and attractive on that I decided to keep them for home. I would definately buy again!	review_date"
"LOVE THIS!! SO SOFT!! Feel.so sexy in it and comfy.	review_date"
"So comfortable! I absolutely love it! I am not a skinny girl	 but I feel sexy in it :)	review_date"
"I had ordered this piece earlier \u0026 liked it so well I ordered another one in a different color. Very comfortable!	review_date"
"Fits wonderful. Value for money.	review_date"
"This gown is beautiful and sexy.  I wear a size 12 and ordered a large. The fit is perfect. Love the gray color.	review_date"
"Everything is perfect. It came exactly on the day it said it would. It鈥檚 the perfect fit and it feels so good on your skin	review_date"
"Really nice nighty especially for the price.	review_date"
"Size is wrong TO SMALL	review_date"
"Very pretty. Material is stretchy and comfy. Runs a tad big.	review_date"
"Super soft and sexy	review_date"
"I wear this to bed on hot summer nights. I want one in another color!	review_date"
"it fit a little large which was too bad because it is SUPER cute...	review_date"
"Runs big.	review_date"
"I love this. Looks cute	 fits great	 feels like a silky nighty.	review_date"
"very nice 	fits perfect	 soft smooth confy cant say enough good got it on time will have another	review_date"
"beautiful gown. great quality	 however fit me more like an extra large. way small I returned it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 lovely	review_date"
"nice quality	review_date"
"My wife looked great in it and she liked it too.	review_date"
"Poor quality	 not recommended	review_date"
"Just as described.	review_date"
"pretty!!! fits great. well made.	review_date"
"Love love love the fit	review_date"
"Very nice slip.  A little snug on the belly though.  Overall a good buy.	review_date"
"Great material	review_date"
"Nice garment. I chose the wrong size. But still nice on the target of my affection.	review_date"
"Best nightgown I have ever had. Straps don鈥檛 fall down!! The material is so comfy. I had to order it in 5 other colors!!	review_date"
"fits perfect	material feels so nice and well made.sexy little outfit.	review_date"
"Very nice fabric	review_date"
"LOVE	 SEXY AND SWEET	review_date"
"I really like how this night gown feels	 however it stained my linen.	review_date"
"Made well	fits well	looks great on	works as slip or nighty.	review_date"
"Love this nightgown.	review_date"
"very nice and look appeasing too.  my wife loves it (as do i lol)	review_date"
"I love this nightie it's so comfortable and sexy I love it so much that I'm getting another one in a different colormy boyfriend loves it too especially since I hot it in his favorite color	review_date"
"Fits true to size.	review_date"
"way too much material under arms unless possibly you have triple D boobs.  Otherwise	  very comfy.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"Super cute	 super comfy!	review_date"
"Nice quality nightgown! Fits great	 looks great	 and is super comfy! Ordered a couple more in different colors.	review_date"
"A little bit on the big side but not bad.	review_date"
"It was a nice material and very comfortable however arrived with a stain.	review_date"
"Well made.  Beautiful color.  Very sexy.  Fits like second skin. The description said it was made out of cotton but it is not.	review_date"
"Fits great and very soft and comfortable	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"I love it	 the fabric feels great and it s not see through do i can wear that at breakfast with my kids. My partner love it as well.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Ref dye damaged other gowns when washing	review_date"
"fits ok	review_date"
"I have now bought two of these and absolutely love them! So soft and just sexy enough and super comfortable to sleep in. My boyfriend just can't keep his hands off me when I wear them.	review_date"
"kind of lack luster	review_date"
"ordered small frist tim e 	 sent back ordered med size was ok still a little tight but nice	review_date"
"I'm definitely going to have to order a couple more!	review_date"
"Very cute but fits big	review_date"
"really nice on	review_date"
"I will order another!!	review_date"
"Looks Good!	review_date"
"Very nice quality	 washes well in machine	 fits perfectly. I bought 3 colors.	review_date"
"beautiful and sexy.	review_date"
"Just like advertised	review_date"
"Sexy	 comfortable fix and love it	review_date"
"nice top	 fits my wife perfect	 very good quality also	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"I absolutely love this night gown and so does the hubby.  Very comfortable soft and silky.	review_date"
"The stretchy-ness of the elastic in the back of the chemise causes it to ride up. It doesn't really stay put. It's soft and pretty. Perhaps the size I ordered is too large	 not sure. I wear it around the house but I don't think it'd be practical for all day wear under a dress. You might be thinking- well... I have a big bust	 so I'll fill it out	 so it won't ride up	 but you'd be mistaken. I'm a 40D and the weight doesn't seem to help keep the front chest area where it should stay.	review_date"
"This is so sexy 	elegant	 soft form fitting fits perfect	 can't say enough good. 5'5\	 36A""	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great.	review_date"
"loved the gown but was WAY to small.	review_date"
"feels cheap way too big	review_date"
"Upon opening the packaging	 discovered the lingerie was ripped. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Love the soft feel and comfort.  I'm a size 10 ordered large	 per reviews	 perfect!.	review_date"
"Fits nicely and very pretty.	review_date"
"beautiful	 silky and  comfortable	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Beautiful color and nice quality. Love it!!	review_date"
"nice looking gown and good sofl material	review_date"
"Not a bad night gown	 the material is \satiny\"" but not the smoothest material.""	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Super comfortable	 good quality and very sexy. The only area of improvement recommended is some type of a built in bra to hold the girls up!	review_date"
"the chest size was totally inaccurate..most definitely not us standard of measurement.. was not even close	review_date"
"Love the camisole. The material is so soft. I will probably order some more in different colors in the future. Thanks for mailing it to me so quickly too.	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Bust runs small small. You can鈥檛 fit in the right size if your bust is big.	review_date"
"Very confort	review_date"
"I bought it for my daughter and it fits her as expected.  It looks just as photo	review_date"
"nice but had to send back - way too small	review_date"
"Good quality... love the fabric!	review_date"
"Beautiful slip. Nice elegant retailing.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Sexy and comfy.  Love this!	review_date"
"It is just perfect for taller girls. I am 5 foot 10 and 165 pounds and the size large fits me perfectly I adjusted the straps up a little and the gown was still just a few inches above my knees. Lots of adjustability in the straps and elastic back makes for comfortable bust line and it's just gorgeous. This is the most beautiful and soft material and even though it's not see-through the silhouette is still very sexy.  I am going to buy more of his brand in the future.  Finally something that doesn't arrive so small and so short.  So happy!!!	review_date"
"she loves it	review_date"
"Way too large. Not even close to the sizing chart	review_date"
"Love this lingerie	review_date"
"Nice material	review_date"
"I'm so glad I ordered 1 size smaller!I've ordered something from this seller before for a friend and they mentioned that their's was a little too big even though it was their correct usual size. I debated buying my normal size (small) but decided to get 1 size smaller because of her comment. I'm so glad I did! The XS fits perfectly	 the color is exact	 this is just a really beautiful piece of lingerie. The packaging was nice	 it came in a well sealed	 durable bag with a zipper at the top.LOVE THIS!!	review_date"
"Its bigget than expected but comfy for my girl	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit in the top. It鈥檚 like a bra that is too big	 it gaps on the sides. Disappointed.	review_date"
"well worth the money. This was flattering and so sexy.	review_date"
"Another gift which was liked.	review_date"
"Love it very soft and pretty	review_date"
"I love this item! I have a gotten another one. Love the feel	 the color and it is very comfortable!	review_date"
"Perfect! Runs a little bit large but thats fine!	review_date"
"this un expected the product  was really really and I ordered 8 it I like them all...	review_date"
"Great product. Love it	review_date"
"Quality product.. Quick delivery.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it so much..........bought another one in a different color.	review_date"
"I really like this night gown. It is light	 fits well and comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous and comfy!!!!!! True to size and amazingly made!!!!!	review_date"
"It cute and comfy but a little baggy for a medium. I normally wear a size 8 and buy mostly mediums. It's not too big. I just would prefer a slender fit.	review_date"
"Very pretty elegant black nightgown	 made very well. I am happy with my purchase and I  would reccomend	 speedy delivery	review_date"
"Beautiful nightgown. Love this one.	review_date"
"good service quality product fit great very happy	review_date"
"OMG! I am in love. Beautiful and great material. It's a little cupcake night gown \u003c3	review_date"
"Love the style 	 the color 	 and the fabric ! I DON'T love that the tag says 2x is size 12 !!!!!! It would be perfect if it was available in the sizes it claims !	review_date"
"Little bit large	review_date"
"Love it!!! I love how it fits. Love the color and how it feels.	review_date"
"Really loved this	 soft material	review_date"
"Excellent Product	review_date"
"Cute	 classy	 dainty	 and well made!	review_date"
"It's pretty and fits very well.  I would recommend it may susan	review_date"
"Looks almost too nice for every day but I wear it anyway!	review_date"
"Great item	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Super soft and comfy.	review_date"
"Just ok	review_date"
"good fit	review_date"
"This is not a true white	 but an off-white. I'm disappointed it is listed under bridal.	review_date"
"It's a satin product. Cool. Fits well	  covers also.	review_date"
"Very nice  just like picture love it	review_date"
"Is great.	review_date"
"It ran small. So I returned it.	review_date"
"Perfect. I love it	 he loves it	review_date"
"Good quality and fit.	review_date"
"This is a pretty nightgown but it is form fitting. It fits rather snug and I ordered up a size. That comes from the material this is made from. It's also not as silky as I had hoped. It is soft but by no means is it a traditional \Satin\"" material. Overall it is not a bad piece	 it's just not the kind of satin nightgown I had hoped it would be.""	review_date"
"Very soft and cute	review_date"
"This is a nice slip. It fits kind of small on the chest.	review_date"
"Very silky and smooth. Good seams	 no pulls. Hubby likes it too.	review_date"
"I love this chemise its beautiful and fits perfect.	review_date"
"Love the color. It looks good	 and the material feels soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"I'm surprisingly pleased with this! After the reviews I was worried that it wouldn't work for me but I'm very happy.	review_date"
"Just right exactly what I ordered	review_date"
"Pretty gown.	review_date"
"WOW!	review_date"
"I think for me is XS	 but is really pretty . I love it .	review_date"
"Loved it would buy from again	review_date"
"This item came wrinkled and dirty as if it had been on a dirty warehouse floor.	review_date"
"Very nice design and feel.	review_date"
"Just as advertised.	review_date"
"A little snug but the hubs doesn't mind lol.	review_date"
"My Husband love them	review_date"
"It has a vintage feel to it	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"I liked that it fit me and that it felt like silk on my body	review_date"
"It鈥檚 sexy by comfortable! I love the adjustable straps.	review_date"
"Love this product	review_date"
"Perfect. I want every color	review_date"
"Thank you	review_date"
"Well fitting and flattering! Worth the $$	review_date"
"Looks greatGood quality	review_date"
"Was exactly what I was looking for.	review_date"
"It was a little big.  I got a medium.  Thought that would fit snugger.  Maybe I should have gotten a small???	review_date"
"Really good quality.....  Somw what large	review_date"
"Very nice. Good product. Just a little snug.	review_date"
"Nice slip	elastic straps are a plus. Good color	 satin feel to material. True to size.	review_date"
"It was great on her and the leg opening works well for me to.	review_date"
"Make sure you buy a bigger size up... very comfortable!!!	review_date"
"A+	review_date"
"Love this one !!	review_date"
"Fits great	 love it	review_date"
"Love the material	review_date"
"Nice fabrik but it fits a little bit large.	review_date"
"comfortable	review_date"
"Fit great	 was comfy and cute.	review_date"
"cheap material/quality	 very uncomfortable. I threw it out after putting up with it for a few days	 washed it once	 tried again... then I decided I really couldn't stand the cheap material anymore...	review_date"
"Fit as expected	review_date"
"this item fit as expected. The quality is very good for the price. My wife loves how comfortable it is.	review_date"
"wife love it	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"No me llego el paquete	review_date"
"sexy and comfortable but the size is slightly large.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 pretty	review_date"
"Excellent quality and beautiful nightgown! I just bought 3 more of them!	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable.	review_date"
"I have three and I love how comfortable.  They also wash beautifullyThank you	review_date"
"Great product! Very elegant!	review_date"
"Very slippery love this	review_date"
"High quality	review_date"
"Wife loves it	review_date"
"Cute and the hubby likes it	review_date"
"My wife loves the fit and feel of the material on her skin.	review_date"
"I think this is good value for the money. Don't expect a buttery soft silk	 but it's fine for what I paid. It's a little bigger in the middle and a little shorter than I expected	 but I want to wear this somewhat high on my chest	 so that's partly my preference. I should also note that I am pretty curvy (not used in the heavy sense- slim	 but a .68 waist to hip ratio	 so in the true \curvy\"" meaning pear shape	 and this isn't tight in the midsection).This is also lightweight	 so I think it will be nice to sleep in during the summer time.""	review_date"
"Great fit and quality	review_date"
"I'm 5'3	 very curvy	 and this dress fit well!! I got the XXL because I'm a 34G	 and honestly I think I could have gone slightly smaller. The material is stretchy	 so it does have some give to it. I got the white with black dots	 and it isn't see through. I got an undershirt to go with it	 but it didn't need it unless I'm going full on 50s. I wore mine for the first time to my sister's rehearsal dinner	 and EVERYONE loved it!! Every time I have worn it people have stopped me to ask where I got it. For the price	 this is definitely worth it! It is difficult to iron the bodice after washing	 but not impossible. It really is a great dress at an unbelievable price!	review_date"
"鉁岋笍锔?	review_date:October 17	 2016""	star"
"My wife loves it!!	review_date"
"I love this item the only thing is it does run a bit big	review_date"
"Very pretty	 but very large in the arms. It doesn't sit well even with a large chest.	review_date"
"For the price this is nice. It fits well and true to size.	review_date"
"too small	review_date"
"lovely	review_date"
"This product was very nice 		 it was delivered intact 		 thank you	review_date"
"Nice rich color. Fits well!	review_date"
"OK	 it will do	 if you are not too demanding	review_date"
"Its just ok.  Cute but not as sexy as I thought it would be.	review_date"
"So comfy	review_date"
"A little snug	 but beautiful!	review_date"
"Runs really big.	review_date"
"Excellent product!  I will buy again soon when other colors are in.	review_date"
"It was a very pretty satin with some stretch in the material for a more comfortable fit	 especially at the bust line. It is a very modest \sexy\"" nightgown with satin material and lace accents. It is not as tapered in at the waist as it appears in the photo. I was surprised that it was knee  length on me. I'm 5'4\"".  It was very nicely packaged as if it were an expensive brand. It was good value for the price. I might order again it a different color.""	review_date"
"Love the material and it fit perfect :)	review_date"
"Beautiful!	review_date"
"Love it. Comfy and pretty	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"This is my third purchase of this item.  Fits perfect and washes well. Will purchase again.	review_date"
"I LOVE IT......	review_date"
"True size cute and nice quality!	review_date"
"lovely at bedtime	review_date"
"my wife thought it was cute. I got a small because of other reviews she is 5 7 125 to 130lbs and was a good fit.	review_date"
"it is okay	 but a tad small. fabric and quality of sew nice	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"Looked great on wife	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"I LOVE IT! It's super nice and the quality is really good too. I will order different colors too.	review_date"
"Amazingly soft and silky. I also have rather large breast and night gowns never fit right. This one is perfect.	review_date"
"This piece ia so cute and comfortable. I ordered the xl and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Bought these because lace anything just makes me feel pretty. I was really happy with this pack. I bought a size large for a 32鈥?waist and I was very comfortable in these. Nothing was really out of place and it was just the right fit. I didn鈥檛 feel smothered and forgot I even had them on.The design is also very enchanting and the actual stitch quality was good too. Normally I just lounge and sleep in these but their so cozy I鈥檝e worn them out. They also ride at just the right height to feel secure but tucked away.I dislike the tag	 it鈥檚 a little too big. Overall I鈥檓 satisfied and want to thank the company for making something so nice for so cheap too.	review_date"
"Should have ordered a slightly smaller size...comfortable though lol.	review_date"
"My husband loves these	review_date"
"Looks beautiful!	review_date"
"Runs a little small	 I expected that and sized up	 fits perfectly. Well made	 does not wrinkle easily. Love it.	review_date"
"Nice but not in love with the little crystal at the V neck and slit. Otherwise great.	review_date"
"It's well made. Would recommend for a simple	 well priced sleeping gown.	review_date"
"thanks. i love it!	review_date"
"I still like it but could have been just a little bit larger	review_date"
"As expectedI did order up one size	review_date"
"Great quality	 nice length	review_date"
"Great Product!!!!	review_date"
"鉂わ笍It!!!!	review_date"
"It fits well and is very  comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"Very satiny	 actually kind of beautiful.It did the job!	review_date"
"The fit was fine but the material wasn't what I was expecting. Very cheap	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Cute. Value fine for price. Way too small	review_date"
"very night and supet comfy!	review_date"
"the material touches good	review_date"
"Great garment	review_date"
"It was perfect!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Ordered 3 as I liked the first one so well.	review_date"
"Came on time. Fit great. My wife loves it!	review_date"
"Love the feel. Love the fit.	review_date"
"Good for the price.	review_date"
"so cute! and sexy! :)	review_date"
"As expected	review_date"
"CUTE BUT A LITTLE BIG	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"Beautiful silky romantic 鉂?wore this for my wedding night.	review_date"
"Love!	review_date"
"Comfy and classy!	review_date"
"Super comfy	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"top is kinda funky if your an xl it isn't real flattering	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"we love it	review_date"
"Love it quality product.	review_date"
"Soft and sexy!	review_date"
"Too large	review_date"
"I love the  style/design but it was way too small.	review_date"
"Really perfect and the price is exceptional!	review_date"
"This was a gift for my girlfriend and she loves it	review_date"
"I absolutely love it!	review_date"
"5It46	review_date"
"I  need return this	review_date"
"To big size chart dosnt match	review_date"
"Love it!!!	review_date"
"This is perfect!!! Sexy	 sweet	 and SO comfortable. Cannot recommend this enough.I'm 5'7	 around 170	 and got a size Medium. Fits wonderfully. I was worried about the fit before I got this	 particularly around the boobs	 but it's very nice. I'm going to order a few more colors when they get my size back in.	review_date"
"my wife loved it..	review_date"
"Wife loves them.	review_date"
"I like. Sexy and fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Somewhat on the small size but otherwise great!	review_date"
"Soft and look sexy. My wife loves it.	review_date"
"Very good and perfect fit very comfortable	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"This is lovely fabric and feels great. Just wish it was a little more flowing	review_date"
"Awesome fit...	review_date"
"Nice product for price.	review_date"
"Very nice item	 didn't look good on me	review_date"
"Great price and fabric quality. The stitching is that of which I would expect from a more expensive designer. I am very pleased with this purchase and have since ordered 2 more in different colors. My husband gave this a 10 star rating. It's sexy and make me feel so feminine.	review_date"
"The product itself is comfortable and I liked the dark green color. My biggest complaint is the wrinkles. Even though I've washed this twice now and hung it to dry	 there are still creases from when it was packaged. It was a good product for the price but I think you can tell it isn't as high of quality as something else you may buy that costs more.	review_date"
"Runs too big. I purchased a medium. I weigh 140 and have 34/D. And this was way too big for me. The fit is not very flattering and doesn't contour to your figure. Wearing this is like wearing a potato sack.	review_date"
"great wife loves it	 will order more	review_date"
"Wonderful matrrials	review_date"
"Love It!!!	review_date"
"A beautiful	 soft	 silky	 comfy nighty. A bit too big but I stitched it up around the bust area (I'm a C-cup 103 lbs) so it's wearable now but	 without my adjustments	 I would have had to send it back. I do love it now but keep this in mind if you're petite.	review_date"
"This nightgown is sensual not slutty.  My wife is comfortable to wear around the house	 but not answer the door bell.  the color is also elegant not slutty.	review_date"
"The fit is less fit and flare than the image shows. Not as flattering to the midsection as other similar gowns. But the gorgeous neck detail makes up for it.	review_date"
"Very nice. I like them to fit a bit looser.  I ordered my usual size and it's not overly snug	 I just tend to like a looser fit. I wear it	 but next time will go one size up. Very pretty	 love the lace chest area.	review_date"
"Very cheap looking \u0026 not a flattering fit. They call it silk \u0026 it is not silk.	review_date"
"I ordered the XL which is marked as a US 16'18 on drop down ordering menu - received an xlarge which has a tag inside that says US 10 - so a total waste of time and money as it does not fit and Valentine's Day which I ordered this for is Sunday.  Totally sucks - you need to fix drop down menu with CORRECT sizing!	review_date"
"It's cute and sturdy	 and is very flattering. I have a 34A bust and it looks great on me. The material has some stretch so larger busted women should fit it fine	 too.	review_date"
"The small was massive on me.  Gaped at the chest	 long and loose. I wear a 34b/c and size 2-4. The small is like a 8-10. Massive.	review_date"
"loved the feel and look of material	 just buy larger than you wear to be safe	 bought as a bridal shower gift	 she loved it :)	review_date"
"Ordered the biggest size they had and it was still too small. And I'm only a size 16. It did seem as though it would have been very comfortable though.	review_date"
"I ordered this and reviewed a plain satin nightgown- oversized and not at all like the picture	review_date"
"It's very loose	 doesn't hand right on my girlfriend and she has curves in all the right places.	review_date"
"Cute and nicely made	 I'm 160 pounds 5 7 and size L fits perfectly. The package looks very nice too.	review_date"
"Runs a little big. I am very large chested (42E)	 apple shape (size 18)	 5'8\ around 187lbs I had plenty of room in XXL.  I should have ordered a size down. Very comfortable and looks pretty.""	review_date"
"Ordered XL and got  xxs withXL tag.  Had already washed so threw away. Complete waste of money.	review_date"
"I ordered a medium like I always do and never have a problem but this one is a little big on the top I adjusted the straps didn't work.	review_date"
"Ordered this for a part of a Halloween costume and was thoroughly disappointed. First of all	 it was days late	 it fits like a medium (I ordered small)	 and it's not white AT ALL. Its more of a beige/ivory which left me scrambling to find a replacement.	review_date"
"it seems to fit tighter than I expected but the wife loves it	review_date"
"So romantic! The Material is silky smooth and its syrupy sweet!	review_date"
"This grown was bought as a gift the grown is way way to small. Can get a refund?	review_date"
"He loves it.  Fits great	 Washed it and hung it up to dry. looks just like it did new out of the package.	review_date"
"Very comfy and sexy. Great nightgown. Fits as expected	review_date"
"This is really exact to size material is really nice quality and silky.	review_date"
"My wife and I like it	 fits nicely and quite inexpensive!	review_date"
"Beautiful elegant	 fits perfectly to size.	review_date"
"Love it. Fits well	 soft \u0026 cute.	review_date"
"What I wanted and is a good value.	review_date"
"great for the summer months coming	review_date"
"Not what I wanted	review_date"
"I actually returned it.	review_date"
"Mt favorite one i ordered	review_date"
"Nice but kind of small. Not true to size..  Very pretty.	review_date"
"my wife said she liked it	review_date"
"Terrible	review_date"
"Buy a size smaller.	review_date"
"Really like it but was hoping would be short on me....need a full slip but only go to very top of thighs	 to go under some of my long sweaters.	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"Cheaply	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"good quality	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"The fit is perfect and good quality	review_date"
"Thrilled with this nightie. The green color is beautiful	 and it feels great against my skin. Seems to be made well and is very comfortable. Very happy!	review_date"
"This nightgown is very soft and feels satiny. But it fits more like spandex. I was very disappointed. There is a TON of lace on the chest area- I felt like I was wearing a doily. There is also some weird ribbon design with a cheap looking rinestone in the cleavage- it is not flattering to say the least. There was too much material in the chest	 then it got super snug and spandex-like down my middle. I am a pretty true XL but this nightgown is not forgiving at all for all bulges around the tummy. Not sexy at all. It is going back.	review_date"
"5'8\	 over 200-lbs	 very flattering. Looking to buy more in different colors!""	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"Satisfied...	review_date"
"Never got my page. WTf?	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"So nice and comfortable. Not too sexy but gives the right idea	review_date"
"Too long	review_date"
"Perfect fit and smooth	review_date"
"Beautiful and comfortable!!	review_date"
"I can't use it !! Too small !!!	review_date"
"Soft	 wish it was a size smaller but they didn't offer any smaller	review_date"
"For is perfectHas just a little give/stretchLove this nightieWould buy again	review_date"
"i love it just a little big	review_date"
"My fiance loves it	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Has been hard to find a replacement from her favorite night gown.  I may have a winner	 but will see in the coming months.	review_date"
"The saiz lake large not medium	review_date"
"I'm a size 4/6 in US sizing. I purchased the small in green. They claim the small is a size 4 equivalent according to the tag	 but I personally think this could be worn by a size 6/8 US. My cup size is a D	 and my waist is 27 inches. On me	 this thing fits like a very pretty and overpriced potato sack. You can't see my curves AT ALL because of the way it's cut. However the quality and design in sound and the color is true to my expectations (it's hard to find dark green lingerie!). My overall shape is an hourglass but you really cannot tell that in this nightie. I do NOT recommend this for women shaped like me. If you're expecting	 pear-shaped	 etc where your proportions are not an hourglass though (biased toward the lower part of your torso)	 then this might work out great for you	"
"Love it!	review_date"
"My womens trim lace looks great.  It feels good and it feels great while sleeping	review_date"
"I ordered Small-Medium since that was the smallest size available	review_date"
"I'm very happy with my gown. It is well made for the price and fits well.	review_date"
"Just as I expected	review_date"
"Not a very attractive neckline	review_date"
"It doesn't look like the photo.  It looks ugly.	review_date"
"No complaints. will purchase more in near future.	review_date"
"Great product just not true to size.	review_date"
"Ordered a small..(my size)....it was Wayyyy to big!	review_date"
"gave to my daughter	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I am disappointed	review_date"
"Nice. Choice	review_date"
"the size chart is off	review_date"
"Doesn't look good on larger women with less than perfect breasts. Lol. Unless you wear a bra with it. Great quality for the price! Next time I'll spend a bit more for something that will make the girls look better. Lol	review_date"
"I got this for my bang buddy. It fits a little loose because its not form fitting	 but it feels soft and its sexy. She says its comfortable to sleep in	 and after disappointing her at night	 at least she can sleep in comfort.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"runs small.	review_date"
"I was worried this wouldn't fit me because I'm curvy but it's actually very cute.Arrived in a plastic bag. With label tags. It's actually all very nice and looks more expensive than similar items I've ordered before.I love the delicate pink color with the contrast if dark lace accents. You also have these cute little pink bows.The back is a little stretchy.The straps are very thin but they're adjustable.Behind the fabric	 you can see the stitching. It's actually done very nicely. Perfectly even and not a single loose thread in sight. Well done.The lace fabric will not wear down easily on this as it is attached very securely and tightly.I would hand wash in warm water and air dry because it's a delicate garment or you can machine was in a garment bag on a gentle cycle and air dry but I prefer hand wash.Sample provided for my evaluation and honest review.	review_date"
I ordered this in a size XXL and it fits as expected.  I am 5'10\ and normally wear a size XL.  Seeing this product comes from China I ordered one size up and would recommend people do as such.WHAT I LIKE ABOUT THIS PRODUCT1
"I ordered a medium	 which fits fine with a bit of strap adjusting. It's very soft and pleasant on the skin"
"It's a nice item and sexy but I ordered XS-black and it's big as medium so I wasn't very satisfied at all.	review_date"
"NO WHERE! does the description day ANYTHING about this item being plus size	 BUT THAT'S WHAT I GOT!---a plus size medium. Completely ruined my perfect romantic evening. Do not order from this merchant if you are depending on truth or accuracy.	review_date"
"This review is for the red color nightgown in the small size 4/6.These are my wife鈥檚 comments on the nightgown.  The red color is really pretty and with the lace accents the nightgown looks beautiful and elegant.  The wife is normally a size 4 or between a 4/6 (36C) and the small size fits comfortably.  The fabric is made of a smooth polyester material that is very soft (satin like) on the skin.  The nightgown is nicely made and appears to be good quality in both material and how it is sewn with nice attention to detail.  For the current price (16 dollars)	 this is good quality nightgown. 5 starsI was provided a sample for review and I do not promise a good rating in return	 nor am I affiliated with this company or compensated.	review_date"
"Great night wear. Comfy and sexy st the same time. I bought it in three different colors at different times.	review_date"
"I bought this for a boudoir photoshoot for Valentine鈥檚 Day and it did not disappoint! It鈥檚 a really bright	 white color and usually I would prefer softer tones but with the lace it worked. It also came with matching panties and I loved that! Fit perfectly. Soft and flowly. It鈥檚 stretchy too so you could order it smaller and it would work well. I wore a lace bra under it as well for my photos and I think that looked better then without because I have real boobs haha.	review_date"
"[For reference: 5ft. 1in	 123lbs	 pear shaped] Beautiful	 soft lace	 not scratchy feeling. Impressed by the quality for such a little number. Front v cut is about 2\ from the waist so I may sew it a little to create an off shoulder look without it sliding off completely	 but that's my personal preference. Ties in the back which definitely adds a touch of elegance.""	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very sexy.  the fabric is soft and delicate like how lingerie should be and comfortable!!!! both gown and thong is just the right size and fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Just as described/photographed	 pretty sexy	 not scratchy - feels nice on. G string ... front panel seems tiny/straps seem giant? But	 I wasn't planning on wearing that (didn't even try it on actually so who knows maybe it's just an optical illusion and perfect sized...)	review_date"
"Fit very well	 soft material	 very cozy	 I love it!	review_date"
"I wear a 38C sometimes 38D	 so I bought a Large. It fits but a little loose. Still looks good but there is NO support for the beasts.	review_date"
"Great for honeymoon!	review_date"
"This would be cute except one armhole is a different size than the other.  Since the item is a crossover across the breasts	 this affects the entire fit and it鈥檚 wonky.  Can鈥檛 really use it.	review_date"
"Good quality for price. Other reviews recommended that you order up a size. I would not recommend that you order up in size because I did and it鈥檚 way too big!	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy! Fits true to size.	review_date"
"No breast support	 I'm 8 months pregnant and ordered a medium and it's still a little big in the breast area	 very soft but the panties are a little flimsy	 went to Victoria secret and bought a pair of white panties for it.	review_date"
"This is by far	 my favorite brand that I have found on Amazon.  So many styles	 the fit is true to size	 the quality is great	 and the price is great.  DEFINETLY purchasing more!!	review_date"
"It is soft and comfortable	 look great on than I expected I will buy it again	review_date"
"The quality is great and the price is reasonable. It fits as expected.. I recommend this to all the ladies	review_date"
"Very nice piece of lingerie for the money. The material is soft and sexy.  The medium fit my girlfriend perfectly.  Highly recommend for the price.	review_date"
"The person I bought this or loved it. I bought it for a bride to be and she loved it! Very soft and she said it fit well	review_date"
"This doesn't feel cheap and the lace is very soft. It has somewhat of a stretch to it. Ive bought items from VS for way more and had way worse quality. Definitely a good buy!	review_date"
"An absolutely perfect fit	 love the detail in the pattern. Shipping was quick and the seller was easy to work with	review_date"
"I'm xl and 38DD.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"What a disappointment. I wear a size 18. I couldn鈥檛 even get my arms in this 2X. What a rip off. The cut looked nothing like the picture. This was so short. Shorter than your average tshirt. 馃槨馃槨 0 stars from me.	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Looks like in picture.	review_date"
"Was easy to get into!	review_date"
"Really cute and sexy. My boyfriend loves it! Fits well	 love the cut	 shape and the lace detail is super cute!	review_date"
"Its a dream!!!!!!! Want one in every color.	review_date"
"My girlfriend loved this and the price was right.	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Fits and is a bit of fun for my hubby and I.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Wife love it	review_date"
"Item fits as expected great buy	review_date"
"it was just perfect.	review_date"
"I'm 5'5\ 135 lbs and 34DD fits great! Medium ordered""	review_date"
"I love it stylish soft and good material	review_date"
"Soft comfortable	review_date"
"Sexy looks great.	review_date"
"Tore multiple places after one wash. Waste of money.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Delicado	review_date"
"purchased for my gf	 she liked it very much and had one try the first night.We did something else after that you know	 i cant control my little bro lol.	review_date"
"Loved it!!	review_date"
"Usually when I order lingerie online it's a fail. This style however was definitely not. I would probably say to order one size bigger because it is quite clingy around the breast and stomach area. However it is very flattering the way it lays on your backside	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and had a baby 2 months ago my weight is 180 and with DDDs	  So I bought an XL fits perfect and it鈥檚 so pretty. Love it.	review_date"
"I am about 5鈥? 176lbs. 31鈥?waist and 36/38 C/D. I ordered the XXL. I鈥檓 not sure how the panties fit but they are super cute. I was very hesitant to purchase this item because I had the gastric bypass about 7 years ago. With that being said I usually need good support in the bust area. This lovely ensemble actually holds my busy up fairly well considering there are no cups or underwires. Because of the fit and the tie it worked and I鈥檓 very pleased with that even more so that this was a Vday gift.	review_date"
"Bought this to wear for Christmas Eve. The hubby liked it.  It is a cute conservative sexy. It is a little longer than I wanted but was still a hit.	review_date"
"First off I just have to say that the quality and material seems high quality! The lace is super soft and comfy. The ribbons are double layered	 thick and soft as well. The halter style is perfect for us moms who maybe need a little extra help and support to lift 鈥榯he girls鈥? I鈥檓  5鈥?	 160 lbs	 32 DD and more on the athletic size and the large fit perfect. Was skeptical about the panties fitting but they also did! When I put it on I felt sexy and excited to surprise my hubby on Valentine鈥檚 Day. I鈥檓 basically a little present	 bow included 馃槈	review_date"
"This product (if used correctly) should only be worn briefly.  It fit well and was easily removed.  I would recommend this to a friend (with benefits).	review_date"
"For the price	 the is a great deal!  I usually wear an XL but based on the reviews I saw they ran about a size smaller so I purchased an XXL and it fits perfect!!  My husband LOVED it!!	review_date"
"Good for price 	 enjoyed	review_date"
"Sexy boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"Nahhh	review_date"
"It arrived early and is so comfortable. The material is very soft and forms to your body. Easy to wear and remove. Definitely one of my favorite pieces	review_date"
"very very cute cannot wait to wear it	review_date"
"This dress is so unflattering. Wish I never got it.	review_date"
"Was ripped when received.	review_date"
"So cute	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"After reading the other reviews I purchased this for my honeymoon. Although the big day hasn't arrived yet	 my bridesmaid was with me when the package came and made me try it on. It's very soft and comfortable and I absolutely Love the lace	 very Bridal. The panties are awkward	 I didn't even try them on	 but who needs panties anyway.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 but feels kind of rough. Not sure how it will hold up over time. Also it is pure white not off white like the photo suggests.	review_date"
"Okay	 so it's not quite like the picture. The material is a little more like a fine fishnet than it is lace. The support isn't great like the picture but I'm a bit bustier than most	 so it's going to take more than a couple thin layers of fabric to give me full lift. Believe me	 there is still a light support. The detail is still lovely and the fabric isn't stiff. No	 it's not as soft as silk	 but it's not stiff and scratchy either. The purpose of buying this is to turn his head on our honeymoon	 and it most certainly will. I will not be wearing the included panties. I'll buy something cotton with a little bit of lace instead.4 stars because it's not 100% perfect	 but it still works for what I want it for.	review_date"
"So I was reading the other reviews and some said the lace was rough and that it wasn鈥檛 as nice. I actually thought the opposit! It was very good quality and the lace was soft. And I鈥檓 a bigger boned girl. It looked very sexy. Only thing I didn鈥檛 like was the g string but I had 3 c sections so it rode right there.	review_date"
"Needed a bridal shower lingerie and didn't have time to make a trip to VS and didn't want to pay an arm and a leg there either. After much searching for an affordable alternative I ran across this little number. The price was good	 it was available on two day shipping	 and it was a nice little addition to our bridal shower. Better than I expected.	review_date"
"Gorgeous	 and sexy	  comfortable. Very soft to the touch.  Great attention to detail had been given to this nightie. Lacy and sheer. So sexy though	  but not trashy or illicit. I love the little bow because it makes me feel like a present. The support for the breasts is excellent.  It has a normal closure strap in the back like a brazier. This nightie is thigh length and comes with a g-string. I reccomend this for a special occasion like wedding	 or	  an anniversary. Maybe the first time.  Beautiful and well worth the money.	review_date"
"Very nice	 with 3 eye-hook bra clips to do up the back. The bow is nice	 and the material is nice. It is a brighter white than pictured. The g-string had too much string	 but I tailored them to fit. Looks like the picture	 and I am very small chested (US 34 or 36 B) so I had space in the top -  I got a medium - if you have a chest it would probably look really cute filled out. Very nice quality - good price. https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00YUDI352/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_67	review_date"
"I read reviews before I purchased this and read one review that said to size up twice because it runs small	 so I did.  I'm glad I did	 I am a medium and ordered an XL and it fits	  a little bit loose around the armpit area	 but everywhere else fits great	 I might have been ok with a Large	 but like the length of the XL.  I love the color of the lingerie	 it is a soft white and very elegant	 the picture shows a cream colored	  it is definitely white	 but is pretty.  Also good to note the material is shear	 it is  like a very soft tulle/lace fabric that you can see right through	 that includes the material used for the underwear. Not high end lingerie	 but if you are looking for something cheap in price	 this works.	review_date"
"I love this little outfit	 it is so adorable and make me feel like an angel with horns when I wear it. The material is not itchy against my chest	 it's very soft and I love the satch you can tie in the back. That really helps it fit just right. It is so comfy you can even wear it to bed all night. Make sure you hand wash this	 it is delicate fabric.	review_date"
"I鈥檝e been reluctant to buy lingerie online	 but it鈥檚 hard for me to get out shopping lately. I came across this	 and after reading the other reviews	 and seeing actual pictures of the item	 I decided to go for it. I have to say	 I really like it! The net/lace piece is soft (I admit Inwas expecting it to be a little rough. I like the hook and eye fasteners on the back	 it provides good support. And mostly	 I love how dainty it is. My husband likes it too! I鈥檒l be trying more from this company in the near future!	review_date"
"It looks nothing like the fancy garment in the photo	 but does indeed reflect the price paid.. Cheaply made with trash materials	 unmatching shades of white	 my boyfriend and I laughed hysterically when I put it on and I showed him the picture in comparison.	review_date"
"My wife has an issue with most lingerie as she has a smaller frame and most are sized for women with a larger chest. The most positive thing I can say about this is the chest fit great on her. This could be a negative though if your chest is larger though. And she did not like the thong provided as it was a cheap unnecessary piece to the ensemble. This loses a peg in the rating because she thought she'd rather wear something she already owned for the bottom.	review_date"
"Overall	 I am happy with the purchase because I think it was worth what I paid for. It is pretty and both me and my partner liked it. I did not have an issue with the lace texture	 it was soft to me and it also fit well. However	 I am not giving it 5 stars because I did not like the bow that was on mine. It was a lot smaller than in the picture	  and so it reminded me more of a little girl hair bow (not something you want to think about when you are in the mood - unless you're into pedophilia). Also	 I did not care for the 5 hooks in the back	 it made it a little bit more difficult to get on and off but it wasn't too much of an issue.	review_date"
"I鈥檝e been reluctant to buy lingerie online	 but it鈥檚 hard for me to get out shopping lately. I came across this	 and after reading the other reviews	 and seeing actual pictures of the item	 I decided to go for it. I have to say	 I really like it! The net/lace piece is soft (I admit Inwas expecting it to be a little rough. I like the hook and eye fasteners on the back	 it provides good support. And mostly	 I love how dainty it is. My husband likes it too! I鈥檒l be trying more from this company in the near future!	review_date"
"I am a very small woman and I was scared this would be too big like everything else normally is and it's actually true to size. I tried it on first thing and really like the way it fits. I also thinks it's very comfortable. I will say that they are called delicates for a reason so treat them that way. There is a lot of lace so definitely will have to hand wash. I think it is very pretty for the price.	review_date"
"This is a very sexy yet classy lingerie dress. The lace detailing around the bottom is beautiful. Unfortunately it is a rather rough feeling material that this nighty is made from. I do like the hooked closure in back because I am large chested and appreciative the support! This isn't the best quality lingerie I have purchased	 but for the price it is great! My husband seemed happy with my purchase as well!	review_date"
"Unlike other reviews	 I do not find the material to be rough or scratchy at all. For me	 it's all very comfortable - except for the \panties\"". I call them that very lightly because they're essentially non-existent. A VERY small triangle of mesh held together with string. Literally.So while the \""panties\"" were tossed to the side without any use	 the actual lingerie is quite beautiful.""	review_date"
"Ok because it's only worn for a short time but it's made of cheap materials. The seam of the underwear wasn't sewn all the way around resulting in holes. The lace at the bottom of the top feels like it could rip easily.  Overall it's ok for the price and use	review_date"
"There鈥檚 usually no in between reviews for me	 it鈥檚 either a one or it鈥檚 a five star rating. I chose the four for this because the sizes right	 but the bottom is not flexible. The bottom of the lingerie is really tight	 it鈥檚 not stretchy at all. It鈥檚 sewn together so that it can鈥檛 be stretching at the bottom. So it made it really inconvenient.	review_date"
"I'm so glad I ignored the reviews and bought this. The lace wasn't exactly what I expected but it was still pretty none the less. I chose to pair it with red underwear as I didn't care for the pair included. It served its purpose for the whole five minutes I was wearing it.	review_date"
"The underwear was so large. In order to fit it would be half way up my torso. The top was too small! I ordered a large. Returning this item and finding a new one.	review_date"
"The bra part is kinda small	 just by a little bit. And I'm an A cup. My nipples can show too easily. I also have been looking for a stunning sexy nightie to turn on my man	 but they're all really long on me. This one was a little shorter than the rest but still doesn't end just past the butt how I like. I'm 5'5\ and have a short ribcage with a big butt.""	review_date"
"This is a cute	 sexy nightie.  It is a true white	 the picture is a little deceiving.  I'm small chested so all of the hooks on back are overkill for me	 but I could see where they'd be good for some people.  The material is definitely see-through	 so if you are wanting something more modest	 this wouldn't be it.  Very cute though.	review_date"
"For the price this is a nice piece. It鈥檚 very see through and for me I was looking for more satin. The boobs aren鈥檛 supported at all. So if you鈥檙e large breasted might not flatter the girls that much. Fits good though and looks nice. Only complaint really is no support in the boob area at all.	review_date"
"This lingerie piece is very light weight and comfortable. I love the soft silk bow and tie. I like that it has 3 adjustable hooks on the back to make sure it fits correctly. I did not use the underwear that came with it since it was for Valentine鈥檚 Day -I paired it with a pair of red ones that looked great since the bottom is a lace see-thru material. I鈥檒l just say my husband was not disappointed!!	review_date"
"well	There wasnt much to like about this one 	the white lace after it was recived	 This one I ordered because if all went wright on april 25 is my 43rd wedding annivarsary	 it was rainning and I found my package ripped open muddy wet I then took them in the house discovered the only one that didnt make it was the white one	I saved what is left	 do you want it back? Do you think you can replace it before my annivarsary? Please and if your sure that you cant make it then could you please take it off my statement. By the way love the others.. Thank You so very much	 old and still in love Mrs Jeri.	review_date"
"The top is great. Not high end	 but reasonable quality for the price. After all	 it鈥檚 lingerie so it doesn鈥檛 need to be particularly sturdy or worn for long spans of time. The matching panty had an odd fit and sizing to them that made them a bit uncomfortable	 but otherwise good product.	review_date"
"It's fit me just right but the underwear part was alittle too big. Not every woman is the same size up top too down below. Otherwise good.	review_date"
"I was impressed when I first tried on this nighty.  I'm 5'3\ and 140 pounds and size Medium fit well.  The lacy and ribbon details on this are adorable and I like that the top has an adjustable back on it.  I bought this for my upcoming honeymoon and my fiance is going to flip.""	review_date"
"The initial reviews say it was great quality	 they were all wrong. Read	 read	 and read again. The lace on this item was so itchy. I was purchasing it as a gift for a bride-to-be	 and I would've been embarrassed to gift this to someone. Sizing did not look right at all	 and is definitely not made for plus sized gals.	review_date"
The quality of the product was expected per the price of the item
"Make sure you order a size up. The lace is beautiful and looks expensive.  I got it for my friend as a bridal shower gift and she loved it. She wears a medium but I ordred XL	 because she has a larger chest so i wanted to make sure they fit. The XL fit her perfectly.  Makes sure you look at the sizing chart before buying.	review_date"
"I bought this as a gift for a bachelorette party. The bride loved the design. I was surprised by the quality	 it was much nicer than other than inexpensive lingerie I鈥檝e ordered.	review_date"
"This Lingerie is just what i was looking for. it is very soft and feels very nice on my skin. it is a bit long	 but that is the only downside to this and it may be because I'm short but I still like it. definitely would suggest this to anyone looking for white lingerie.	review_date"
"It is cute in the picture but as others have mentioned it is a rough material.  Not delicate feeling at all.  Also	 if you are on the larger cup size there is no way your breasts are going to fit in the top	 no matter what the girl in the picture looks like.	review_date"
"Purchased this beautiful lingerie for my girlfriend. It's soft and luxurious. Superb for that special night.Please note it's jet white - not off white like in the picture. Aside from that it's remarkable for the price. I highly suggest it!	review_date"
"This is very soft and fits well	 it's a really pretty white	 and does have a but of stretch to it also	 it's not uncomfortable.  I was pleasantly surprised about the quality after reading some of the other reviews	 glad I took a chance on it!	review_date"
"I purchased a Large and it fit too small on the hips. There is no pick up for larger breast on the top but it fit fine (38C/38D). Fit more like a body sleeve that a teddy though.	review_date"
"Sexy and classy	 but be careful putting it on.  Material is less than paper thin	 and it seems like it would be easy to tear. If you have larger breasts	 please note that this has absolutely no support.  Judging from the picture	 I thought it did offer minimal support.	review_date"
"I like this cute nightie. Fitting is perfect and as expected.It is Gorgeous and sexy. It's very soft and comfortable and absolutely Love the lace. Design is elegant and good. I like white color and gives grace to this nightie.Panties could have been better.Overall	 it is a good deal and is perfect for a romantic night :)	review_date"
"The product is far too large! It offers no support and the whole babydoll feels \slouchy\"". There were several snags and tears and the g-string was torn as well. I will be asking for a refund. Would not order again.""	review_date"
"The ribbon and back of the bodice are very soft and silky. The back clasps with lots of hooks. It's a little stretchy so I think it would easily fit different sizes. The lace at the bottom is very delicate.	review_date"
"Cute enough and as pictured. The quality is pretty good. There is definitely no support in the breast area as you can likely tell from the pictures. I ordered a medium and I'm 5'6\ 130 lbs and it's a little larger than I would like	 but don't know that I would necessarily have wanted to order a size down. Overall	 cute and worth the price.""	review_date"
"Lingerie was pretty. Not quite as pictured	 but still nice. The fabric is more like a fine fishnet rather than a lace. It is also white and not cream like the picture suggests.Hubby enjoyed it nonetheless "
"Very unflattering. I suppose if I wear it with a bra it might be a little better	 but as it is it has a flattening	 sport's bra effect. Also	 the fabric is a loose fishnet weave	 not the chiffon look that you see in the picture. I'm giving it two stars just because it's nicely adjustable in both the back and the straps	 which is rare with this kind of cheap lingerie. I won't bother returning	 but I'd advise any future buyers to try something else. However	 I will say that I also ordered a bra and panty set from this same seller	 and it was wonderful! So I guess it's hit and miss with this company.	review_date"
"They look and wear like they were sewn together by a drunken 2nd grader. Don鈥檛 waste your money.  Horrible material as well. They sent the smalllest thong imaginable and I ordered a large but I wear a medium just to be safe. Throwing them away.	review_date"
"I loved the picture for this one	 especially the color. I was sad to find that it was indeed stark white	 not ivory like it appears. It's also not very soft and the top cut looks much more appealing on the model than it does in person. The top looks much more frumpy and less sexy than it should- kind of grandma-ish. There should have been more lace and less white fabric. It did fit	 which was a plus but my husband wasn't a fan either	 and he is the final judge. I had higher hopes for this one.	review_date"
"Do not buy this if you are at all busty. The size chart leads you to believe that a typical 8 can wear a medium	 but in reality	 unless you are a small B cup or below I would not buy it. My boobs actually looked comical in this. That being said	 I gave it two stars because the lace is quite pretty.	review_date"
"Hot and sexy! This white lace lingerie accentuates all the womanly parts. Thanks Ruzishun!!	review_date"
"The color might be whiter than a cream color but still soft. The chest could use a little more support for D cup but I made it work by pushing the tissues in. :) overall not a bad buy for the price!	review_date"
"This is a beautiful	 classy piece of lingerie!! I bought it for Our 15yr vowel renewal!! It fits great	 feels good on and as to be expected its not the same as a 67.00 Piece from Victoria Secret. So I'd say for the price and convince of front door delivery	  I think its awesome! It will DEFINITELY SERVE IT'S ONE NIGHT PURPOSE!!!!	review_date"
"I try not to overpay for lingerie. I thought this was beautiful for the price. It is true to size and is very sexy and well made. I will be buying more from this company.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 actually impressed with the quality. I fell in love with they style and thought it鈥檒l either be nice or not. It鈥檚 beautiful	 it鈥檚 quality made and fits well.	review_date"
"The lace is a thinner material than the picture shows. For the cost it is okay	 but not really what I was hoping for...it looks a little cheap and runs small	review_date"
"Bought for my cousins upcoming bridal shower. I took it out of the package and it seems very well made and very cute! The bow is adorable but still sexy	review_date"
"Finally a cute sexy and comfortable piece in a larger size. I loved that I could order have it in two days  and that it worked!  I鈥檝e been to stores and looked over and over for something that fit all the mentioned categories and couldn鈥檛 find it!  This is a keeper.	review_date"
"The over size was a bit big however the cups and front were sized wayyyy off. So I have b cups but they were as tall and wide as smaller than a cups.	review_date"
"i thought i order ivory and got white :( not at all what i wanted. tried it on and it was definatly a size to bug. VS measured me a DD so thats what i got.the product its self apears to be good quality but other then trying on i haven't used it yet as the size was a major let down desiding if i want to return as it wasnt color i wanted anyways	review_date"
"Two small cheaply made you get what you pay for on Amazon. My girlfriend's like a Barbie doll and this outfit set her completely awkwardly all over poor design and proportions	review_date"
"After reading other reviews I was worried size would be off	 but to my surprise it fit well. I will agree that the material feels weird and the thong it comes with is kind of a joke. Overall my man is happy!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 happy with the product. Feels great. It鈥檚 not a stuffy	 scratchy	 kind of lace. Very soft and stretchy. The fit is more snug then I鈥檇 like. It鈥檚 very form fiting but still looks great.	review_date"
"Cheap... okay for a few wears unless you're EXTREMELY careful and place back in the bag for storing after each use. You get what you pay for.... The thong is just a piece of mesh in the front and runs big!  The gown is cute but I'd buy another thong or panties to go with it. Very delicate easy to rip!! Looks good on. Only comes in medium in 5'2\ 120lbs and the boon part for perfect for my C cups. I think this should have has padding or a little umph. As well. Oh well like I said..cheap""	review_date"
"Bought it for my wife and she was delighted. Fitted her perfectly as described and very soft and comfortable. Very happy with my purchase.	review_date"
"This looks SOOOOO CHEAP in person. Stiching was falling out when i opened the package. The ribbon felt like plastic. I did try it on and it did not fit well either. unless you have VERY large breast this will not be flattering. Hate everything about it.	review_date"
"Perfect for the price. I was expecting it to be cheap material	 but it holds up well and even shines in the light. Great fit and sexy.	review_date"
"Really cute	 love the detailing. It鈥檚 also a breathable type of material which oftentimes these type of garments are not.	review_date"
"This lingerie is very pretty and sexy. The sizing is accurate and it fits me properly. I really like the adjustable back	 which is like a bra	 only wider. The shoulder straps are also adjustable. I do not regret purchasing this and my husband likes it too. 馃槉	review_date"
"This looks much cuter in the picture than what I received. It also runs small so if you have a larger cup size you will spill out all over the place even if you use the size chart so beware.	review_date"
"Absolutely ridiculous. I ignored all the signs and reviews and thought: it's so cute though. NO! The band is cheap spandex so there is 0 support and if you have a big booty forget it! Returned instantly	review_date"
"I really like this.  It's really elegant and seems very well made.  Pure white and is true to size.	review_date"
"This looks nothing like it does in the picture. The \lace\"" looks like cheap fish net. Not worth the price""	review_date"
"I love the delicate look and this is so pretty. The material wasn't as soft as I thought it would be. It was ok. It was way too small.	review_date"
"Cute but.....Very low quality fabric and this item seems to run very small. This outfit is so poorly made its almost as if it is made as a disposable nighty....	review_date"
"It is very cute and Decent Quality for the price but I am a 34 DDD and it defiantly did not fit. I am not telling you not to buy this but if you are very chesty this is not the one for you.	review_date"
"This lingerie is beautiful! It's comfortable and sexy! The white is so classy looking. It is very well made and fits just as described.	review_date"
"Nice quality material. Not stiff and scratchy like most. Looks great on	review_date"
"This was horrible. the fabric is so course and cheap. The bra does not hold up your boobs. I'm a 36c and they either fall out under the bra or pop out over	 there's no in between. Also it's made so the bottom rim of the skirt is tighter than the rest of the skirt. so if you have big hips or boobs I suggest not buying.	review_date"
"I really love this piece. I wish the bottom had more flow to it. The design is nice	 but it would be better with maybe some hard lining in the top for more support and the bottom could have more flexibility in it.	review_date"
"Was cute	 but boob area was way too small....the rest of the piece was big	 so there was no reason to go up in size just to try and get a bigger brrast area. Returned	review_date"
"I am satisfied the overall quality and make of this dress. Lace feels great. Size 6 women	 bought a large and fits perfect.	review_date"
"It's really cute and made of quite nice	 soft material. The ribbon isn't as soft as I would like	 but we'll see after washing. The lacy material is very transparent. The I'm a 34dd and usually a size sm-med in shirts and a med in panties	 so I ordered a med to be on the safe side. It's a little big up too	 even on the smallest clasp. Overall	 very nice and sweet.	review_date"
"Looks very sexy on I enjoy my wife wearing it!	review_date"
"This nighty is cheap and cheaply made. In the picture it looks beautiful and sheer but I got it and it looked like fishing net. The little thongs that come with it are absolutely useless and are not true to sizing at all. I never ever want to leave a bad review for a company or product but I am so disapponted. I was hoping to wear this for a boudoir photoshoot for my husband but now it's too late. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY. Spend a little more and get something of higher quality.	review_date"
"It fits good just don't like that is pure white boy off white like the picture and the lace is very thin that I am scared it may tare after 1 use but it didn't cost much so am okay with it if don't hold up but other than that I love it can't wait to use it	review_date"
"Of course it didn鈥檛 look EXACTLY like the picture (the bow is smaller and the netting is clearly of cheap quality) but it is still absolutely adorable! Though not accurate	 the bow is a cute size and this piece is going to make a great wedding night gift for my friend! Would buy again	 especially for the price.	review_date"
"DO NOT BUY...IT LOOKS NOTHING LIKE THE PICTURE AND THE QUALITY IS GARBAGE...! I'm returning it. It's awful and ugly!	review_date"
"fit my wife and i ordered one for my self but no way could i get into it 	the top is way to tight	review_date"
"Do sexy	 looks pretty and so hot on my fit	 my husband loves this set	 sweet and good fabric. I will buy another style too.	review_date"
"I love this set. It fits me well	 which is hard for me to find due to my body shape. It fits me great and makes me feel amazing! It's not uncomfortable to wear either	 and hubby seems to enjoy it	 which makes it that much better "
"Cheap	 thin	 scatchy material	 the plastic loop for the strap broke as I was trying it on	 wouldnt be too bad with maybe a nice soft slip underneath	 but not very nice	 would not recommend buying!	review_date"
"Returning. Looks nothing like picture. Cheaply made.	review_date"
"Didn't fit because of the small size	review_date"
"Loved this item. It is super cute. It鈥檚 pretty and sexy. Best of all my hubby like it.	review_date"
"Very cute	 just a little bit smaller than what I expected. Great for getting his attention	 thats for sure	review_date"
"The fit of this piece was somewhat smaller than expected. I'm 5\5' and about 190lbs. I bought the 2XL size. I disliked the stringy lace at the ending seam of the dress. However	 that is just preference. It looks absolutely lovely on the model	 but was just okay for me. I would recommend it for women who wear at most a Large in women's/ladies' clothes.""	review_date"
"Cute	 see through outfit. I like the bow and lace details. Comes with matching mesh thong.	review_date"
"Cute baby doll	 but the matching underwear had very little \give\"" to it. If you have a bigger booty I would suggest ordering a size up.""	review_date"
"It is nothing like what it shows it to be. They sent me a white lace robe with long sleeves that had a ribbon that I could attach to it	 if I wanted to.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 doesn't look like it will be something that lasts long. The netting/lace looks like it would rip easy.	review_date"
"Doesn't look like the picture. Large netting like material and made overseas. Way too small.	review_date"
"This nightie is cute! It fits as expected. It's made from nice material and fits well.	review_date"
"But buy your size. If your size M buy M	review_date"
"runs small and no support	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy. Well worth the little it costs. Chest area is stretchy and fits well.	review_date"
"its cute	 i feel like the material is alittle cheap but its still super cute. i threw the triangle thong away that thing is awful	review_date"
"I opened the package and it was dirty. The material is very rough. I sent it back. It's not flattering	review_date"
"This doesn't have any padding in the cups so it didn't look as flattering as the picture because I'm much smaller than the model. It was pretty cheap material. I didn't feel confident or comfortable wearing it.	review_date"
"Love the look but the lacy part look more like mesh than lace. It is a little tight at the bottom but not uncomfortably. Everywhere else it fits well. I would still buy it again.	review_date"
"I used this to do a boudoir photo shoot for my husband's wedding gift. It fit well and looked very nice! The color was solid white not off white like the photo but that worked out fine for the purpose of my photo shoot! The only downfall was the g-string which was made of next to nothing...	review_date"
"Overall I really like this nightie. It does run a bit large and the lace is super cheaply made (mine has a few holes and I鈥檝e only worn it twice). But it is lovely and cheaply priced.	review_date"
"This product is completely different han what is posted. The material is an itchy cheap net fabric. The fit	 cut	 and design is completely off. It is a really bad Chinese knock off of the picture.  Completely disappointed. The top of the garment doesnt have support as show in the picture	review_date"
"Very high quality and luxurious feel	review_date"
"on the small side and VERY cheap feeling. I have bought lots of pieces on amazon before and haven't had a problem. This one was a bit of a let down. Pretty but not quite worth even the little I spent on it.	review_date"
"The fabric was very stiff and sized small	 I wear a medium (8-10) and the large was too small.  Company was very nice and allowed a return.	review_date"
"don't like how it's made/ to cheap for the price you pay	review_date"
"Doesn't really look like the pic. The underwear that comes w/it is ugly. Not really worth the money. The fabric is more fishnet than lace.	review_date"
"Never purchased lingerie and my girlfriend never had it. She was baffled when I got it for her. The white lace was perfect for her	 just the g string (AKA underFLOSS) was not comfortable on her	 but that was okay- we can do away with that.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Love it only thing is the strap the you adjust was broken but didn't fall apart so I was able to wear	review_date"
"It's very soft and comfortable and I absolutely Love the lace. worth buying this.	review_date"
"Nice fabric and fit.	review_date"
"Gift	review_date"
"Love it when wearing it I feel sexy as hell/my wife was not sure about it at first but after seeing me in it she can not keep her hands off of me/this has become my favorite outfit for our bedroom fun	review_date"
"Normally	 these types of things never fit me properly but this was perfect and stretched in just the right places :)	review_date"
"Surprisingly high quality lace. It was just as beautiful as anything you'd find at Fredrick's for a fraction of the cost. Perfect wedding night treat for the Mr.	review_date"
"Beautifully made	 good quality	review_date"
"I bought this for a lingerie shower and it seems to be made from good material.	review_date"
"I gave it a four only because it was small on me but super cute! i ordered the biggest sizes I鈥檓 about 14/16 so i wouldn鈥檛  recommend  some one my size getting it	review_date"
"Really good quality	 order a size up if u can	review_date"
"Lovely piece the fabric is so delicate	 soft yet so sexy. I'm very satisfied and will purchase it again.	review_date"
"The lace is soft. My SO loved it!Good price and quality. Will do business again.	review_date"
"Extremely sexy baby doll for your lady! very pleased with it.	review_date"
"I really loved this little piece	 but one of the straps was broken when it arrived	 so I sent it back. The fabric is made of really nice material. Higher quality than I expected. It's not bright white or ivory	 but like a winter white. Really gorgeous!	review_date"
"This is super Flattering.	review_date"
"I was a little nervous that the quality wouldn't be up to par but I was pleasantly surprised.  The lace details are beautiful and well stitched. The silk band adds a nice touch as well.  Good multi clasp in the back is great for a larger busted woman as well!	review_date"
"Not at all as depicted. Runs VERY small. Lovely ribbon at waist- and I'm petite- can barely be tied much less drape as pictured. The bust portion is more sport bra looking	 than lingerie	review_date"
"I bought this for someone with size D breasts	 and ended up giving it to someone with size B. The fabric is very cheap and the product is not nearly as nice as the picture.	review_date"
"Looks nothing like the picture at all i was very disappointed .	review_date"
"Cheaper material and runs small	review_date"
"Way too small and would only look good (hopefully?) on a petite sized woman.Even if it had fit I would have returned it	 it doesn't look like the picture.	review_date"
"fits a little tight under the top (the ribbon area)	review_date"
"Not flattering AT ALL and cheaply made.  Returned it.	review_date"
"A gift	review_date"
"WAY WAY WAY WAY to small	review_date"
"Pretty	 but had to give it away because it was much smaller than I anticipated.  Be careful with Asian sizes.... they are much smaller than US sizes.	review_date"
"Was late getting it for one. Was extremely small even according to their size chart. Came on a zipped plastic bag and had a pick stain across the front of item from the bag	review_date"
"Poor quality but it did the job haha	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"My wife looks smoking hot in this	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece	review_date"
"this is trash. looks nothing like the picture	 it's a hanging mess of mesh. You can make this from materials at a craft store. SKIP IT.	review_date"
"The work of the clothes is meticulous and fitted. Sexy	 my boyfriend like it.	review_date"
"It fit just as expected and looks so good.	review_date"
"This item was definitely better quality then i expected. I highly suggest.	review_date"
"The outfit itself was too tight and looks extremely cheap. The thong was too big in contrast. Good thing it was somewhat cheap some I have to buy something new for my wedding night.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"I am curvy and this lingerie fits like it was made for a stick figure. It is not for anyone with curves! My boobs did not fit in the top!	review_date"
"Really good quality	 I did not expected to be that good. It really suprised me. 100% recommended!!	review_date"
"Lace was soft but was too big because reviews said it ran small so I ordered up.I am a 34DDD on top so sometimes have to go up to fit on top. Size Large was recommended by chart but it's way to big. It's a shame because it is very cute.  I'm 5'2\ 125 lbs.""	review_date"
"My wife wears a medium aka size 8 with 36DD and she said this fit great. Of course I wasn't paying attention to the numbers at the time. Hand wash is a MUST! Very delicate and beautiful.	review_date"
"Looks and feels great against the skin. Feeling sexy in this piece.	review_date"
"Only listen to this review..gorgeous..looks expensive and well made. Bargain of the century. It does look like the picture.This would cost 40.00 on up. Every woman would look good in this.	review_date"
"Dont waste your money	review_date"
"It's pretty but not made well enough to wear. I did not buy this to be a decoration. It is flimsy and not made well AT ALLLLL	review_date"
"The bottom of the lace is more like fish net. I was not happy about that馃槩. I was expecting a sheer lace	 which the picture portrayed.	review_date"
"This is more ivory than white. It's so cute and fits perfectly (I'm 5'3	 118lbs	 and I ordered a Small)	 but the color is just not as white as I wanted.	review_date"
"Not same the color in the picturesAlso	 poor material	review_date"
"I like this nightwear	 it is very cute	 and perfect color and look for a wedding night	 which is what I purchased it for. The matching thong is useless	 a bit too large for me	 but I ordered a large to fit my top	 and the thong that came was a large but its so big I can't use it.	review_date"
"Doesn't look anything like the picture	 cheap thin	 material. And I wear a medium and bought an extra large and the bottoms don't fit!	review_date"
"Material and fit wasn't what I expected	 never wore it and never will. Gave it to a friend of mine who hopefully got use of it.	review_date"
"Not very good material. One ribon was longer than the other by a lot! Couldn't even tie it that well. It looked like someone took a table cloth and sewed it into a skirt. Was also very itchy. Ive bought cheaper lingerie of better quality and better material. Probably will return it. If you do buy get a size bigger.	review_date"
"The appearance and quality is good	 but the skirt is very tapered and not very \flowy\"" as it appears to be in the picture""	review_date"
"Item was bought to give as a gift. So only time will tell	 if the bride is happy with it. But the delivery was fast. Thank you!	review_date"
"Y love it I take size XL cute product	review_date"
"Fit as expected and nice color	review_date"
"Very good quality for being so cheap	review_date"
"Not what I expected	review_date"
"This one I buy with the blue one from the same store and I love it as much as that one! The material is real lace and that makes it really elegant. It's durable even after a few machine wash and it's now one of my favorite babydolls!	review_date"
"It's beautiful. I have small breasts so it doesn't look like the picture on me	 but it's fine because it covers my nipples. It's SUPER sheer. The mesh triangle thongs are obviously super sheer	 too. Since they're just mesh	 I feel like they don't quite fit the feminine feel. I paired them with another white lace panty. But I've actually worn this as a dress over a black skirt and have gotten a lot of compliments.	review_date"
"Arrived on time and as described!	review_date"
"Runs VERY small. Return was simple though.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful and fits very good.	review_date"
"This was a Valentine's day gift for my wife but I think I enjoyed more than her. It is a good product. Nicely made. Would have got 5 stars but it took longer than expected. That being said I received it within 5 days. Prime will spoil you with the 2 day delivery.	review_date"
"The picture makes this look so much more flattering than it really is. The material is not soft or comfortable. Kind of scratchy. Think of a rough fish net. Returned	 was not a fan.	review_date"
"Very comfrotable and didn't have that typical 'made in china' smell.	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it but felt a little snug but ok. It didn't stay in long enough so I guess it did it's job....lol 馃槈	review_date"
"Cheap	 ugly	 and scratchy.  honestly you'd be better off buying fishing net from cabellas and draping yourself with that.  At least there would be boob room.	review_date"
"Bought another pair of undies because these ones were very cheap.	review_date"
"Not very flattering:(	review_date"
"not great at all!	review_date"
"Nothing wrong with the product it's just not for chesty women.	review_date"
"Fits a little strange	 I like it but it isn't quite right.  Not sure how to make it fit exactly right but it is OK.	review_date"
"So I was very disappointed by this product. It looks very cheaply made and is netting	 not just a sheer material.	review_date"
"Great lingerie	 so comfortable and very sexy. Fits absolutely perfect.	review_date"
"Very nice	 very beautiful and good quality	review_date"
"Didn't like it. It's very sheer plus the chest area doesn't give much support for my girls and I'm a D32 size.	review_date"
"Nothing like the picture.Rough material.	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"Beautiful	 but runs small in bust	review_date"
"It's a hot bowl of mess and poor quality. You have to be boobless and unshapely if you order a bigger size. The chest area is poorly constructed. I'm a 38D-33-40 and it managed to make me look like a box.	review_date"
"I bought a size larger than myself and it was still too small. Terrible material. Very itchy. Looks nothing like the photo.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 just no support in the bust area. It's not a big deal but I am a DD	 so it'd be nice to have underwire.	review_date"
"Very nice Im a size 12/14 so I bought it in an x-large. It fit good with room to spare. I'm sure it will do good for my honeymoon..	review_date"
"Love it! Fit great and looked awesome on. The fabric was really soft and didn'the tear which is also great.	review_date"
"my man loves it	review_date"
"Didn't like the way this one fit or looked on. Not very flattering when your trying to look hot.	review_date"
"The ribbon that is meant to tie in back was somewhat short and the sewing if the ribbon should have been seen in away that had a little give to the stitching. More of a streach area to allow it to go over your head and over large breasts.but it is a great deal..i am still happywith it	review_date"
"Way too small :( I ordered an XL and it's more like a medium! Very disappointed. Will probably return it.	review_date"
"no good	review_date"
"I really love this outfit	 and so does my husband.	review_date"
"This was very cheaply made. Very scratchy materials. not at all flattering.	review_date"
"very cute	 but unless you are shaped like a Barbie Doll (big boobs	 slim hips) this may not drape the same way as it does on the pictured model. I ordered a size Large. I am 5'2	 159lbs. 38B-32-40. I did not bother to try on the matching mesh G-string. The top fit nicely if you \fluff the girls.\"" There is a satin ribbon (besides the sewn on bow in the front) that you tie in the back for adjustment? I felt that the tie was redundant.My hips fit a US size 8 Curvy or 10 Levi Jeans (depending on the style). I thought that this babydoll would drape the same on me as in the picture	 but it did not. It was tight around my hips and bottom"
"too small and by the time I was back from my trip it was too late to return.	review_date"
"It's not at all like the picture...	review_date"
"The top fits a little weird	 but still looks nice	review_date"
"It was a wedding gift she loved it	review_date"
"CHEAP material. You get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Very fresh look in white almost tinkerbell like.  A sexy view from the back.	review_date"
"inexpensive \u0026 very sexy	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"okay	 not great	review_date"
"Nice lingerie	 very pretty	 I'm a 36DD and the top was a smidge small	review_date"
"Packaging was even really nice! I love it!	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"This outfit fit as expected but the material was nothing like i thought it would be.	review_date"
"Nice lingerie.  Pretty comfortable	 cute	 and sexy.  Would purchase from this company again.	review_date"
"It's nice	 not amazing	 but nice. It's cheap so I'm not too disappointed. WASH it before you wear it tho. It has a funky chemical smell that probably isn't good for your bare skin.	review_date"
"does not look like photo. not worth the price	review_date"
"Perfect for my wedding night! And very flattering!	review_date"
"Not as described! Fits small!	review_date"
"Other than not having boob support	  this was nice!	review_date"
"is like for a giant women	 and I'm petite penalty. But I'm still like it.	review_date"
"Does not look as good in person as in the picture. The fabric was kind of cheap and flimsy	review_date"
"I thought it had under wire so I read the product wrong should say that right on the name or somthing	review_date"
"It is cheap but I knew that from the price I spent. I feel it was perfect for price. It is comfortable and fits perfect. Only complaint is that the packaging tinted it pink. I read many complaints like this before so I can't figure out why it still comes in the pink bag.	review_date"
"Really love this my husband love seeing me in it but it is not white as i thought.	review_date"
"I bought a size bigger and it fits great!	review_date"
"Very pretty for a bride to be	review_date"
"Poor quality. Didn't fit around the body so the cups looked weird. Not wearable for me.	review_date"
"Was perfect at the bridal shower	review_date"
"Too small	 sewn shoddily	 still in drawer.	review_date"
"This is a really cute set	 its a tiny bit small in the top but I am a larger busted women	review_date"
"This fit as expected after reading the majority of the reviews.	review_date"
"It looked very different once received...it's not a favorite	 but it does fit well.	review_date"
"This is really nice looking case on the phone but it offers no actual protection. It is appearances only.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 shipped promptly	review_date"
"This is amazing! Feels great so soft! Fit my wife amazingly! Best out there!	review_date"
"Really cheaply made	review_date"
Too small
"Fit perfectly! I surprised my man with this and he loves it on me :)	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"I usually have problems with ordering lingerie and having it fit but this fit perfectly and I felt sexy too!	review_date"
"Such poor quality. I returned it right away	review_date"
"It's really cheap	 I don't think it'll last long. It's pretty though.	review_date"
"Not as described	review_date"
"This what not at all like the picture. It was bridal white instead on ivory. The material was cheap and itchy. Not what I expected at all.	review_date"
"I purchased this for my wedding night	 it's beautiful and nicely made.	review_date"
"I loved the material it鈥檚 soft	 I love that it鈥檚 not too revealing but revealing enough	review_date"
"it's ok. nothing special. looks greast in the pic but just doesn't live up to the model pic	review_date"
"Did not like the way it fit me. I am a D cup and ran small in this area.	review_date"
"happy honeymoon	review_date"
"Beautiful but I should have bought the right cup size. My accidental mistake	review_date"
"The fabric is not the best of quality	 but still cute.	review_date"
"Excellent and I want to deal with him again	review_date"
"Great deal.	review_date"
"does not look/feel as expected. looks very cheap had threads hanging everywhere no breast support at all. do not recommend it.	review_date"
"not like the picture at all	review_date"
"Didn't look anything like the picture and was so small	review_date"
"Lovely fit perfect love the lace	review_date"
"Beautiful!!!	review_date"
"It's perfect	 I absolutely love it. I'm 5ft4in	 about 150lbs	 a 36c and I ordered a large after reading the other reviews	 and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Very cute for the price	 I do suggest getting one size larger than what you normally wear. Even though it looks beautiful on the model it does look a little cheap. But for the price can't really complain.	review_date"
"Right side strap came detached.	review_date"
"rough	 but sexy	review_date"
"Bought this for my wedding night. It is very sexy and romantic at the same time.	review_date"
"It's bright	 bright white not off white like the picture suggests. Also the thong is a joke	 I just threw it away	review_date"
"Looks cuter on the \model\"" and material is cheap""	review_date"
"Mesh like a mosquito net.	review_date"
"Great fit.	review_date"
"The strap broke when it was washed.	review_date"
"My wife loves this Lingerie and it fits her just right.	review_date"
"Looks matron-ish	review_date"
"Fits to size	 well described	 thanks!	review_date"
"This item is not the color pictured	 it's white. It is extremely poorly	 cheaply made and it not even.	review_date"
"Very good	 very satisfied	 good quality.It feels good to wear	 and it's cool when you exercise.  My boyfriend likes it.	review_date"
"Very pretty! Bought for a bachelorette party and the bride-to-be loved it!	review_date"
"I love it on those hot summer nights.	review_date"
"This is great if you have smaller breasts. It's comfy and feels nice on the skin. Not really what I expected though.	review_date"
"Feels and looks cheap	review_date"
"Decent quality for the price	 but it ran larger than I was expecting. This could have been my error though. Its a little scratchy	 especially on the nips	 but maybe a little hand wash could fix that.	review_date"
"I hate this	 it look completely different on the pic	review_date"
"The quality of the item pictured is not the quality received.  The netting used is more like fishing net than lingerie.	review_date"
"Bought 2 sizes up	 he loved it and fit absolutely perfect	review_date"
"fits great and I loved it!	review_date"
"Perfect. Thanks	review_date"
"Does not fit breasts at all!!! Medium size should always for but in lingerie I get large because I don't like it too tight or small. This is worse than a small!!	review_date"
"It was a little small but it didn't look as cute in person as it does in the photo.	review_date"
"Doesn't really look the same as in the picture	review_date"
"Very cute lingerie! The material is super soft and it is comfortable to sleep on it. Sexy looking as well! Love it and highly recommend	review_date"
"made of cheap material. doesnt have any shape	 like photo suggests	review_date"
"fit well	 would recommend.	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Hated the panties.	review_date"
"style is great-but it feels not soft enough compared to other items I bought here.	review_date"
"I got this as a gift for my sister's bridal shower. She loved it !	review_date"
"It was supposed to be Ivory but looks more white	review_date"
"did not like it	 too small	review_date"
"馃憣馃徏	review_date"
"Very cute but I don't like how it fits	review_date"
"Really beautiful but kind of cheapy fabric	review_date"
"Very beautiful and soft	review_date"
"Definitely not what I was expecting.	review_date"
"This picture shows the model with a bra on underneath.  Not what I expected.  Didn't use it for what I needed.	review_date"
"This has great fit	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"Fabric is good and feels great and looks beautiful.	review_date"
"the pink packaging ink rubbed off on to the material.  the g-string gets tangled easily and is difficult to put on.	review_date"
"The Bride liked the gift set	review_date"
"very very cheap material. If I was better at returning I would鈥檝e	 it鈥檚 just going to sit in my drawer :(	review_date"
"True to size and very pretty	 but the matching g string is basically made out of dental floss	review_date"
"grat stuff	review_date"
"Ribbon that ties around the waist is stiff	 needs to be laundered by hand before use but other than that	 it's cute! Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Disappointed	 the item is far less lacey than appeared	 instead of a flowey baby doll look it.is more snug. Which is fine if was advertised that way. Model picture is misleading	review_date"
"Fabric was very hard. Looked like fish net not as pretty as pictured.	review_date"
Fits perfect and its easy to get on and off 
"So cute but not sized right.	review_date"
"Doesn't work well on a fluffy person	review_date"
"cheap fabric and cheaply made	review_date"
"Very cheap quality.	review_date"
"IT CAME WITH  STAINS	review_date"
"A little small but it fits it gorgeous tho 馃槏	review_date"
"Too big. I have a long waist and I'm not lacking in the bust area either. This item was too big and way to long..	review_date"
"It does not have the elegant drape at the bottom and forms to your hips more than it does cascade down.	review_date"
"Soft	 sexy \u0026 comfortable... what else can a girl ask for!	review_date"
"very pretty	review_date"
"Very pretty. Too small. Decorative lace at the bottom doesn't stretch much	review_date"
"Not at all like what I thought it would look like. It was bigger and the material looked really cheap	review_date"
"A little tight in all the wrong areas	but  it looks amazing and I was super excited about this item.	review_date"
"Way more than I expected. Very sexy	 decent quality lace. Super cute	review_date"
"what came in the mail was a romper	 not a cami....very disappointed.	review_date"
"Nice lingerie. Cant wait to wear it!!	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Horrible	 will Never wear	review_date"
"Really cute and fit well.	review_date"
"Cheaply made	review_date"
"Gorgeous!	review_date"
"Fast delivery. Not a fan of the g string and my tatas didn't fit right but still loved it	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"nice item	review_date"
"Don't bother with this if you have thick thighs. It's not flattering and ends up clinging to your legs and ballooning around the middle.	review_date"
"This is a great piece	 but the package stained the ribbons pink!!!!	review_date"
"Bought this knowing it might not fit but was ok with the result. Fits better on a petite person. I'm 5'11\ l	 160 pounds with a 34 bust and DDD cup.""	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Not exactly what I was expecting	 but still nice	review_date"
"Looks great	 but it can be a little bit of difficult to wash it	review_date"
"Yes	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"very nice	review_date"
"It is not like the picture	review_date"
"inexpensive and cute	review_date"
"Material wasn't what I thought	review_date"
"The material is awful on this garment. Did not meet my expectations.	review_date"
"It's cute	review_date"
"Loved it	 it had great hold for me. Everything was in place.	review_date"
"Cuter in the picture than in person lol	review_date"
"pretty but order a size up	review_date"
"I love it :)	review_date"
"I love the material it is very light. The only thing I would change is how many clasps are on the back.	review_date"
"It looked more fancy and pretty but ehh.	review_date"
"Top half too small for my breast.	review_date"
"It's good for the price. It looks beautiful on	 and is very true to size. I love the color options	 and I love that it looks exactly like the picture when it's on.	review_date"
"great he loves it	review_date"
"Terrible. Do not order!!	review_date"
"Very poor material and bad finishing really disappointed not recommended	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Cheaply made from itchy fabric. White color	 not the off white as advertised. The g-string is very small for the XL I bought. Very unhappy with the product.	review_date"
"Very cheaply made	review_date"
"It looks nothing like the picture. It looks very cheap	review_date"
"Fits smaller in bust than expected. I have a bigger rib cage.Great quality	 love how it was made. Still love it.	review_date"
"It's beautiful but runs a bit small.	review_date"
"Looked nothing like the picture	review_date"
"Not much like the photo 	 looks to be a cheap item.. returning	review_date"
"The cut of the top is not the same as pictured. It is similar but definitely comes off as a knockoff.	review_date"
"Loved it and so did he!	review_date"
"Cute simple Teddie but it was more like a Large than a Extra large	review_date"
"Too small and the material is very rough.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Beware tall girls: this is very short.	review_date"
"I expected this item to run small so I ordered it XL. I am usually a medium/large (top heavy) but the XL fits great. It looks just like the picture with the quality to match the price	 which is expected with orders from Asia. Overall I am pleased and my husband loves it.	review_date"
"Runs way small	review_date"
"Great quality...very sexy...	review_date"
"Perfect fit all around...and is just as beautiful as it looks in the picture	review_date"
"It was too small. Not really made for curvy women with C cups or larger.	review_date"
"Cheap material.	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Love it! Perfectly fit and lovely. Enough to spice up my fun	review_date"
"Extremly poor quality. Almost as if its a costume.	review_date"
"Nice and sexy	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy. Came earlier than expected. Love it!	review_date"
"Very pretty.	review_date"
"Pretty.	review_date"
"This product is excellent. I love it	review_date"
"The material is scratchy and the bust does not fit correctly? I ordered using the sizing chart but it still didn't fit in the bust area. Also	 it is too tight around the hips.	review_date"
"Beautiful but was to small even though I ordered the right size and definitely not made for DDD!	review_date"
"The business did fine with this order. The item is pretty but pretty flimsy.	review_date"
"Fit well and flattering.	review_date"
"Pretty	review_date"
"The material is pretty cheap made but it's cute	review_date"
"Not as pretty of a fit as in picture. Kinda awkward on chest area.	review_date"
"cute	review_date"
"Doesn't look like the picture nor is it very good either .	review_date"
"Somewhat small for a large but my hubby liked it haha :) thank  you!	review_date"
"I thought the style would stay the same if the size went up :( it fits like a body suit.... I'm sure it will work though	review_date"
"The material is crappy. I ordered an XXL and it would fit someone who wears a S or M. Never buying from this place again.	review_date"
"love it!	review_date"
"Wonderful	 thanks!	review_date"
"5/5	review_date"
"I really love the product	 thank you!	review_date"
"No lleg贸 el paquete! Y marca que seg煤n si lleg贸 馃槨	review_date"
"Looks good	review_date"
"Very very good.	review_date"
"This is the cheapest material I have ever seen.	review_date"
"HOTT	review_date"
"It fits very nice	review_date"
"so small and not flowy	review_date"
"It was ripped when I got it	review_date"
"Looks nothing like the picture and is HUGE!!!!	review_date"
"Made very cheapNot worth it	review_date"
"Great outfit looked beautiful until I put it on only to find the plastic ring connecting the strap was broke.... To late to return so guess I'll sew them on...	review_date"
"somewhat small. 3 stars	review_date"
"Cheap fabric and slightly too small	review_date"
"I loved this item and so did my husband. It was comfortable to me I even sleep with it on.	review_date"
"Not quite what I expected. Not very well made.	review_date"
"This is only similar to what is shown in the photo - I will add a picture later.  The top is different	 and the photo makes you believe that it has chest support. The model in this picture is clearly wearing a bra	 because there is no support what so ever	 which is why I purchased it for a boudoir shoot.  I'll post a picture soon.  It's otherwise ok	 but don't go by the picture.	review_date"
"Be sure to order a couple sizes up this item runs small	review_date"
"It doesn't look like the picture	review_date"
"I ordered a size larger than normal and my boobs were still too big	review_date"
"Item doesn't look like the picture it was terrible	review_date"
"Fits well no support for boobs the fabric for the boobs was small for me	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"If I could give this no stars I would	 it was super cheaply made and disappointing. I will be returning this.	review_date"
"Fit good. Just cheaply made.	review_date"
"Product fit perfectly but it can not be washed! I washed it and dried it on air dry and it came out with holes in it! Fabric is very thin. Very disappointed!!	review_date"
"The material looks too cheap :(	review_date"
"Too big but still very cute	review_date"
"Definitely does not look as nice as the picture. It's got a really cheap feel to it.	review_date"
"very small	review_date"
"For the price it was ok.	review_date"
"perfect as shown	review_date"
"Very pretty.	review_date"
"Bought it for my sister because I'm her maid of honor and it was perfect. It's has a little stretch to it so I know it would fit her nicely on her sides. Highly recommend for a bridal gift.	review_date"
"Very nice piece	is exactly just like the picture	review_date"
"Material is awful.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 and good quality.	review_date"
"Picture and fabric not as advertised. disappointed with the purchase	review_date"
"dont like the was it looks on me. I have big breast	review_date"
"It's a net material with large holes. White	 not off white like in the pics. A large normally fits but it was small in the bust.	review_date"
"Order up a size	review_date"
"The person that received the gift was very please and happy.	review_date"
The boobs were too small. :( Ordered a medium and the thong was too big and the boobs didn't fit my Ds. The lace is super pretty though!! Still gonna wear on my honeymoon. 
"Got a 1x-2x thinkin itd be good if not a lil big but its really too small. I wear 16-18 so if you are like me get the next size bigger.	review_date"
"Was not as appealing but fit well.	review_date"
"Nice depending on the size of boobs lol but nice for price	review_date"
"Love love love! Very comfy and sexy	review_date"
"Love the material	 fit great!	review_date"
"it is ok	review_date"
"Cheaply made. Rips easy and rough material. Wasted my money.	review_date"
"It looked different than I thought it would. The bust was slightly smaller and the overall ensemble was big which confused me greatly.	review_date"
"The arm strap popped as I was putting it on	review_date"
"Really cute	review_date"
"Really like it but the cups are a little small!	review_date"
"Very nice and looks and feels great! I am rather heavy chested and this worked well for me	review_date"
"Looks like a fishing net. Very cheaply made	review_date"
"This lingerie is a nice soft white color. Very sexy and elegant looking. Don't pull on the fabric because it's delicate. Overall I'm very happy with the material. At first I was nervous to purchase reading the reviews but after receiving my order I was very happy that I made the decision to purchase this lingerie. Also the lingerie did not come in a pink bag. Beautiful outfit.	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"The item arrived dirty. I already intended to wash it but it was noticeable dirty.	review_date"
"It's definitely not what it looks like in the picture. But i so am happy with the product	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Muy bien	review_date"
"e	review_date"
"He loved it!Nice fit	review_date"
"Makes me look like an angle	review_date"
"loved it	review_date"
"Was not impressed. The picture looks way better than what you actually get	review_date"
"cant wear it but it was pretty	review_date"
"Made very cheaply	review_date"
"I did not receive this item in a pink package.  The company has changed this thanks to complaints	 i am assuming.  My package was beige with pink lettering on the outside	 and had a zip lock bag type of closing on it. the fabric itself is durable	 and didn't feel itchy.  The thong was a bit of a disappointment but i guess thongs just aren't for me. I bought this item along with a similar item from another seller (Avidlove) and this item was much more satisfactory. the lace is exactly as the design shows	 and the straps are adjustable like a bra. My lover was blown away by it	 as was I.	review_date"
"The panties are tiny	review_date"
"Very small. And I got it bigger than my normal size	review_date"
"Didn't really look like the picture but was still cute and bigger then expected	review_date"
"THE BRIDE WAS VERY HAPPY	review_date"
"Good stuff!!	review_date"
"Love this	 fit is great.	review_date"
"Sexy top! Material was soft after the first wash. The the thicker material was nice and comfortable. I typically don't wear string panties but who needs them really? Size is one tick up from USA standard	 so their \Medium\"" is a US \""small\"" at least for me.""	review_date"
"Sexy as hell!!! Even better in person. Too good 馃槝馃槝馃槏馃槏馃槣馃槣	review_date"
"I love it. Glad I bought it.	review_date"
"Strap broke. Cheap.	review_date"
"Very cute and soft!!!!	review_date"
"the strap broke even before i tried it on	review_date"
"Good quality for the price	review_date"
"Got this in a timely manner and is beautiful	 it is very delicate but fit the price and does the job!	review_date"
"Adorable.	review_date"
"The pink plastic bag it came in stained the pretty white front :((	review_date"
"Fits snug.. expected better fit	review_date"
"Too small in bust.	review_date"
"Super Cute!	review_date"
"Sucks material cheap	review_date"
"very nice  was delivered right on time	review_date"
"Fit as expected husband loved it have d boobs got a medium and fit well	review_date"
"I ordered an XL	 thinking that would be good enough. but it wasnt as flow-y as i wanted it to be	 and also the bust was WAY TOO SMALL. maybe i should have gotten it in XXL	 but even then i think my bust would have been too big for it.i DO love the bow though	 its super cute. the thong is well... useless so dont even bother with that.but as they say: you get what you pay for.i would not buy anything like this again	 and if anything id just buy my lingerie from a store	 so i could feel the texture	 because the lace was really itchy and uncomfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful lingerie - the quality is very inexpensive (not built to last). But it is perfect for something inexpensive and fun. The panties were WAY smaller than the top but it is a true white color and easy enough to match with underwear from somewhere else.	review_date"
"Didn't like the fabric	 it's mesh	review_date"
"I don't like!!!!!	review_date"
"Doesn't look like the picture too me. The bottom is netting with minimum lace design at the very bottom edge. Also the ribbon tie is too short in back to make a bow and it is pure white like someone else said. I ordered it partially because I liked the cream color!	review_date"
"I'm not entire sure why this product doesn't have good reviews. It looks exactly as it does in the picture. Yes	 the thong is tiny...it's a thong. I found it more comfortable than a lot of the lingerie I have. The fabric is soft. The only thing that isn't super soft is the bra part	 but it's designed with fabric only halfway up the lace to give a sexier look	 so	 once again	 I kind of expected this. It's really pretty and feminine. I would recommend.	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable for her.	review_date"
"Excellent. As expected and fast shipping.	review_date"
"It fits great and it is sexy but the packaging has this pink film on it that rubbed off on the gown. Now the ribbon across the front has pink splotches on it that didn't wash out. Oh well. Still really cute.	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"flimsy.. not well made...	review_date"
"There is something pink on my new lingerie from the packaging I'm assuming. The g-string that came with the xxxl is tiny. My daughter is a m/L and it wouldn't even fit her.	review_date"
"Loved it fit perfect	review_date"
"Thanks!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Great sleep wear	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"From the reviews I knew it was going to be a little snug	 it did not flare out at all. I don't like the white underneath the lace at the top	 I would rather just have lace	 don't quite line up with my boobs. The back ribbon is not long enough. And I had 2 snag strings but I was able to cut them with out damaging the outfit. It really does look like a fish net	 not as sophisticated but I believe it will do the job : )	review_date"
"Massive	 I'm a size 6/8	 5'7\ 135lbs B cup and ordered a medium	 it swallowed me!  The bra closures on the back even on the smallest didn't make it fit nicely to my body. The lace is rough too	wouldn't suggest this if you have sensitive skin""	review_date"
"It honestly fits nothing like the picture. I even ordered a size larger than what I normally wear. The picture makes it look as though there is some type of support. There is none so be prepared to have something to help with that. Honestly just disappointed in the quality compared to the picture.	review_date"
"Product arrived within a few days	 fits perfectly. (Im a small and bought a medium) Cute	 innocent and sexy. Packaged well.	review_date"
"Was all excited to use	 then unzipped the bag and saw that the pink of the bag they use as packaging had rubbed off and stained half of the white gown! I'd seriously think twice before buying anything not colored pink unless you don't mind the smudges a red sock in a white washer load of laundry makes. Plus it's not worth the postage to send it back. Very cheap. Very dissapointed. Very sad face.	review_date"
"Love this set	 got it for the night of our vow renewal in Vegas.  Absolutely fitting for the occasion.  It arrived in nice packaging \u0026 the quality is great!	review_date"
"I got a xxl at 210lbs 5'4. It is a little big	 an xl would have fit much better. It's very pretty.	review_date"
"This was very long	 much longer than expected.  It has a stiff boxy shape to it.  not sexy or cute at all	 and not comfortable.  I had to return it.	review_date"
"I gave this as a gift at a wedding shower	 and the recipient absolutely loved it!It was simple yet elegant. Other similar products sell for five and ten times as much.I would definitely buy again - but this time	 for myself!	review_date"
"I do NOT recommend this product. It is not comfortable	 and does not look at all like the pictures show. I plan to return this product.	review_date"
"Got a large but chest portion is too tight.	review_date"
"The picture is a little deceiving	 as the bottom of this piece is not very free-flowing. As a result	 it was too tight around my hips to be comfortable.However	 it was nice quality for the price	 very delicate	 and it did look as it does in the picture.I returned this	 but really didn't want to!	review_date"
"This was a definite yes for me and hubby. It fits well and is comfortable to wear. Goes great with white stockings. I will by for this company again.	review_date"
"It's nice but I think it's bagger than the which I receive its	review_date"
"Fragile but not in a good way.Large size does accommodate breast size or length.Couldn't even wear. Complete waste of time and money.Never again.	review_date"
"I was very unhappy opening this.  The fabric immediately felt cheap and was stuck together and was damaged a bit when I pulled it apart.  Is not work it. No wonder it is so cheap.  Not even worth it.	review_date"
"Fits perfect!  Very nice and great price!	review_date"
"perfect and beautiful on	review_date"
"ok	review_date"
"false advertising on the type of fabric. Said it was lace and I got a cotton fishnet fabric	 which is really scratchy and defeats the purpose.  overall not happy and probably going to return.	review_date"
"If I could give this no stars	 I would. This was absolutely terrible in every way. Looks nothing like the picture. It's suuuuper cheap  (I expected cheap but not THIS cheap) the length of the ribbon wasn't the same on both sides	 the bow is stupid	 and the sides are made of the same material you would find on the numbers of a sports jersey. I would never be caught dead in this in front of someone.	review_date"
"The thong was a bit too small but the top fit right.	review_date"
"Nice material and well made. It has like six bra-like clasps in the back. So getting it on and off is a struggle unless you can dislocate your shoulder.	review_date"
"Ugly scrap of mesh. Don't waste your money.	review_date"
"Love love love it!!!! Pic doesn't do justice really	review_date"
"This is extremely flimsy. There's no shape to the bra at all	 so unless your boobs are literally perfect it's not going to look great.There's literally zero support	 the picture made it look like there would be at least some double stitching to add structure	 if not underwire	 but there's nothing. The underwear is nothing like the picture. Literally just strings with a tiny piece of the tool in a triangle that wouldn't cover any normal woman's parts. Run the other way and get something else.	review_date"
"bad quality	review_date"
"It's cute I guess. Fabris is cheap \u0026 has an awkard feeling on your skin. The bow looks retarded. \u0026 it's a diffrent color than showed on picture. Will be returning /:	review_date"
"Very sexy peice..just need a little adjustment in the upper area..	review_date"
"Absolutely terrible. Don't waste your money.	review_date"
"聽聽聽聽聽This White Lace Sexy Nighty is super pretty but does run a little small in the boob area for me. I guess that's a downfall for having larger breasts. I normally wear a 2X so that is what I ordered as there wasn't a larger size available or I probably would have went up a size. I wear a 44DD bra and by the way this size fits me	 I would say it would be good for someone D cup or smaller and probably better fitted for a 42 or less back size. This has 5 bra hooks in the back. I was able to get them hooked but it was a little tight. They were difficult for me to hook myself also since there were so many. My boobs overfilled the front area as well but not to the point where I can't wear it. Just a little more hangs out than probably should.The lace design on this is gorgeous though on the breast area and the bottom of the lingerie	 There is also an attached satin bow on the front that is sewn on well and a lace waist tie attached on each side to tie in the back. Comes with a G-String type panty which did fit me and I wear a size 8-9 in underwear. I typically don't wear G-Strings just because I personally don't like them but they fit. The color stated for this is white but I would say it's more of an off white. It's definitely not a bright white.This has adjustable straps that have elastic stretch to them which I do really like. Whenever I buy something like this	 I have issues with the straps sliding down if they aren't elastic so was glad these were. All the stitching and seams are done well on this. The bottom of the lingerie has a little bit of fringe detail to it. It's definitely fringe and made like that and not the nighty fraying or falling apart. This washed well in my delicates bag and I dried on low in the dryer. I have worn it a few times now and nothing has torn or anything even though it's a little snug so I would say it decent quality and made well. I thought maybe something would tear in the back by the bra hooks but so far	 so good. Overall	 this is very pretty but definitely order at least 1 size up I would say. It's hard when buying things like this because we are all proportioned differently but with this one	 I would say it's really going to depend on your breast and back size.I received this product at no cost in exchange for an honest and unbiased review. No compensation for a positive review was provided. All of my reviews are based 100% off of my experience with the product and I never guarantee a positive review.	review_date"
"I wouldn't recommend this product. Very cheaply made and I don't think it will survive being washed. It's also extremely itchy. I just tried it on to check the size	 fair warning if you're larger than a C cup even the extra large isn't going to fit. The thong isn't even worth putting on	 I just threw it away. I was hoping to use this on my honeymoon because it looks beautiful in the picture but I should have known by the price it wasn't going to be quality. My advice is: save your money.	review_date"
"This is a lovely night gown it has soft fabric and a cute lace design.The fabric is a sheer white	 it comes with a matching g-string	 and the top has covers to add a little mystery. I ordered a XL to makes sure it would fit and the night gown looks good on me. I normally wear a 12/14 in dresses and I have a  36 C bust. The bottom of the dress was movable and the top fit well the only problem I had was with the second layer over the bust I wasn't sure if it was suppose to cover like bra or if it was just a part of the decoration. The dress matches the picture in design but it is white (in the picture it looks a cream color but its called white). I do like that this night gown comes with a little added support it has 3 rows of 6 hooks in the back so it can be adjusted to fit just right and the straps are adjustable as well. I haven't worn this for anyone yet but I feel sexy in it. The white color makes me feel like its my wedding night	 kind of a little nice with the naughty sexy lingerie.This product was sold at promotional discount in return for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I often feel uncomfortable buying lingerie in stores	 so I was excited to order something sexy online. Buying this online was much easier than I could have ever imagined and the outfit was even prettier in person! I am a bigger woman	 so my first fear was accurate fit. I ordered the same size I wear every day	 and the outfit fit me perfectly! Even the bra area had enough room for me to feel comfortable in. I especially love the bra hook closure in the back. There are 6 hooks to clasp	 but it is easy enough to manage by yourself. The detail on this outfit is absolutely beautiful	 the picture doesn't do it enough justice. And for being lingerie it is actually very comfortable to wear. My whole experience with this product was amazing and so much easier than buying in store. I will definitely be buying more lingerie like this in the future!I received this product for free in exchange for my honest review.	review_date"
"This chemise comes packages in a printed ziplock bag	 great for storage.  The chemise is very beautiful.  It is empire waist cut	 with a satin ribbon under the bust	 which is tied in a cute little bow under the bust. There are satiny half cups which provide some light support.  The cups themselves are covered with a pretty lace panel	 which gives some coverage.  It is quite sheer. The skirt is a pretty white lace	 which is netted towards the top with a floral print at the bottom.  The bottom hem has fringe	 which gives it an elegant	 vintage feel. It is an eggshell ivory color	 also adding to the romantic	 vintage feel.  The top has spaghetti straps which are thin and delicate.  The back has a hook and eye back closure	 which makes it easy to open and put on	 and close on whichever hooks you prefer for a customized fit. It is very stretchy	 except for the seam where the bust meets the skirt.  I would say it runs slightly small	 so if you want a tight fit at the bust order your normal size	 if you want to be more comfy go up a size.  Also included is a matching mesh g-string.  It is very sheer and skimpy	 but not trashy.  This would be perfect for a bride on her honeymoon.I received this item in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"I am learning to become more confident in my body but still like to be somewhat covered even if it is in sheer	 because I've had two kids so my body isn't perfect by any means. I ordered this for my husbands birthday though and felt this would be a good buy for me since it covers me but is still sheer and something my husband would love. This fits as expected and comes with a sheer thong panty as well that matches perfectly. The quality of this material even though it is sheer it is pretty good quality and doesn't feel cheap at all. The white color looks elegant	 and the top fits tighter around your bust area and loose below your bust line and fits flowy around your tummy	 so even if you don't have a flat tummy	 this will still compliment your body well. This is a fun purchase for celebrating birthdays or anniversaries or to just spice up the bedroom. I haven't ever felt very confident in these outfits but this one fits well on me and I like this fit for me. I received this item at a discount in exchange for an honest review	review_date"
"As soon as I saw this baby doll night gown I was immediately impressed. The design is so feminine and the lace and satin details are just beautiful. The design does run a bit small	 and having ordered from this company before	 I knew to order a size larger than I would normally. While that did provide me with the right size	 it really wasn't a good personal fit for me since I am large busted - a 36DD. It looked originally like it had an underwire or some support on the underside for your bust	 but because it is just fabric without support	 it did not work well for my shape. If you have a smaller chest	 this will most likely work beautifully for you. The gown has a hook and eye back closure and a delicate satin ribbon to keep it in place as well as a g-string panty which is a mesh see through. It's a beautiful set for a new bride or a honeymoon trousseau. I did receive this product for free in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.	review_date"
"Very delicate and sensual lingerie that will highlight your curves. I love the transparency of the lace that allows light into your skin. It is both very exciting and cheek blushing move. The satin bow adds a bit of innocence to it.Keep in mind that the sizes do fit as they are suppose to. They are meant for a bit bustier women. Would look very good with curves	 especially the chest area.	review_date"
"I LOVE this lingerie. The panties were a little odd at first	 but once I figured them out ... SCORE! I feel sexy in this. It is comfortable. It is sexy. It's adorable. Probably the FIRST piece of lingerie I have ever put on and really liked. The quality seems good too	 so that is an additional perk. **I did order one size bigger than I would normally wear based upon prior reviews. I am glad I did. If I hadn't	 it would not have fit.	review_date"
"This is a pretty babydoll	 I bought a Medium even though I'm Small	 hence it was a little loose.  But very flattering and flirty.	review_date"
"Bc this product is inexpensive	 I will keep it.First the babydoll does not look anything like the picture except the color. The picture shows a flowing body	 the one I got is snug and fitted without a lot of fabric as on the model. The g-string is very cheap and does not look anything as pictured either. I'm anticipating that when I wear this for my hubby	 it won't stay on long so I will keep it. But I would've liked it to be flowing with mite fabric and an underwire.	review_date"
"Color received was white but overall I like it as a night gown. Fit as expected.	review_date"
"Not the same product	 but was ok for the price.	review_date"
"Great but not for top heavy girls. looks nice and the material was soft to the touch.i also like the bra-like setup in the back	 but without underwires the tops would flop on top heavy girls...	review_date"
"Really elegant and I like the color which is more of a white than off white.  The fabric is pretty ruff	  but not a big deal.  Over all really cute!	review_date"
"My daughter wanted this for her wedding night	 glad we ordered it early. It was extremely small and the lace is not flowy at all. Fit more like a spandex slip. Item has been returned and the hunt is back on for the perfect wedding night nighty	review_date"
"This item came right on time . It was packaged in perfect condition so no one would know what was in it . I opened it and it smelled clean and was bright white and the size fit perfectly I love the fabric its not itchy like some are but not this one I really do love this and so did my husband :)	review_date"
"The quality of the item was nice	 but the breast sizing of this item was not as the chart said it was smaller. It is not breast supportive as it looked to be.	review_date"
"Way too small and looked nothing like the picture. Don't waste your money.	review_date"
"This is a great item. The fit was good and the underwear also fit wear. Normally	 it is frustrating to find everything is sized correctly and this is. The package was very nice and it felt like I was spending $100 on this order	review_date"
"Does not look like pictures and super cheap mine as well wear a white kitchen trash bag	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Awkward fit. No support for the girls. And very rough material!	review_date"
"Hardly like the pictureMust be a cheap Chinese ripoff	review_date"
"Its really cheap. I was not amused at this joke. If you're looking for something that is basically exactly the same as this except comfortable and well made instead of scratchy and horrible then buy the \Moonight woman's sheer Bow strap Dress Lace Lingerie\"" it comes exactly as its shown and even though it says plus size its not (for fair warning) this product on the other hand	 is trash	 I returned it and will NEVER be buying from this seller EVER again.""	review_date"
"Picture makes it look like it gives support up top with possibly an underwire	 it does not. Fabric very thin. Looks pretty but know you are getting what you paid for.	review_date"
"Horrible quality product	  don't buy.	review_date"
"Beautiful and fits perfectly! I will definitely be a returning customer.	review_date"
"I sent this to my friend in the mail for her upcoming wedding and shower.  She absolutely loves it and it looks great on her.  The price is obviously really good and it fits well.	review_date"
"tried it on so i know it fit well but im saving it for Valentines Day.	review_date"
"The picture does not even look like the real product. When ordering this product I thought the material would be shear and soft and its literally like a net! Definitely do not recommend this product!!!!!	review_date"
"Good Lingerie. I liked it!	review_date"
"I gave this as a gift at my son's fiance bridal shower everyone loved it. So did she thank you	review_date"
"It's okay. Not at all what it looks like.	review_date"
"Very cute and is very forgiving if you鈥檙e a bigger girl such as myself. I got the large and it fit me perfectly! I love that it has adjustable straps so my girls don鈥檛 go wandering too much. For reference I鈥檓 175 pounds	 5鈥? with a 36D cup. Great buy!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5ft 2in and currently 147lb (but that鈥檚 From too many Christmas snacking!) and the large fit perfect	 thanks for the sizing heads up (I鈥檓 usually a solid 10) I have olive skin and dark brown hair. I love reading reviews before buying and if I was brave enough I鈥檇 post a picture but you won鈥檛 but this is so fun. As a mother of 3 I鈥檓 always trying to hide the problem areas and this is the way ladies. It makes the twins (however tiny or shriveled they are from breastfeeding) look fabulous. I really like this color also. The front opening is a door to some fifty shades of grey good times. And the irregular cut on the hem is flowy and covers in all the right ways. Go get em tigress!	review_date"
"This runs small so I sized up to an XXL it is super cute and decent quality I really like it. I am 5'4	 175 lbs	 36DD.	review_date"
"This babydoll nighty is very cute! I got this style of babydoll because I wanted a little more room on the bottom than the top. I am not fond of an overly tight fit across the hips. This was perfect	 not bunchy and drapes nicely. It's probably not a good fit for someone that needs lots of support up top	 or if you do you could wear a bra underneath and that would work. The lace is very peekaboo across the breasts and the bottom part is sheer but not too sheer. I got the red one. I don't know if there is a difference between the colors. There is a slit up the middle that is not visible in the photos	 but that is okay because it is not visible when you see it on in person either. It comes with a tiny little thong ... I am not much for them but for those of you that are it has one. Another nice feature is that it slips on and off easily.	review_date"
"My new hubby would probably say it was AMAZING...From this female's point of view	 it's good.I thought it fit great	 I'm normally an XL in unfitted t-shirts and a large in panties and this XL ensemble fit me great. It was soft and comfortable. And definitely flattering.I wasn't so keen on the front opening as I have a bit of a tummy and wouldn't really want to show it off ever	 I think my back side is cuter and like back openings more. But while the front was closed it's very flattering.Also not so keen on the mesh panel on the thong. That material just kind of looked weird while on and was plain.And a little disappointed in the false advertising in the pictures when it comes to the support for the breasts. The straps are adjustable but it doesn't really help much. Luckily	 au naturel is just fine for my new hubs.For the price	 it's a good buy. Even with my minor annoyances with it I'll wear it again.	review_date"
"LOVE THIS. For the price I was a little skeptical	 but I was proved wrong! So elegant and beautiful with just the right amount of sexy. The color was a true minty-green as well	 which is exactly what I was hoping for. The design and detail on this piece is just gorgeous. The material is not scratchy or uncomfortable at all. It fit me just right and I felt so light and feathery in it. The only reason why I did not rate this item 5/5 is because I did not like the thong it came with. It was adjustable (which is weird for a thong??) which I did not like at all. I did like that its pattern matched the rest of the outfit	 but I just really did not like the adjustable aspect of it"
"I normally wear a size medium	 I bought this in an XL and it fit perfectly. I'm not flat	 but I'm also not large in chest area. The top portion of this has a slight push up effect (by design. There is no padding or underwire) which is very flattering. I think this would be look great on any woman	 except perhaps those with very large breasts = not enough support. I have sensitive skin	 and I didn't find the lace irritating at all. The quality is decent	 but the strappy part of the thong underwear rolls up all over the place	 making them difficult to smooth out long enough to put them on. Other than that	 I'm very pleased. I bought the minty green color	 but I'm going to buy at least one more in a different color.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?tall and 145 lbs. I normally wear a small/x-small	 but because this is made to be slickly	 I ordered a medium. I鈥檝e gotten 2 different colors. The first one was a bit big	 and the strap broke as I was adjusting it to fit my height	 but a couple of stitches fixed it right up. The second	 in the same size	 came a bit smaller. Overall	 I loved it. The 4 stars is only because the sizes seem to vary. I plan on getting every color.	review_date"
"Ladies if you're looking for something to do the job without breaking the bank	 this is it. I just had a baby 8 months ago	 and the bank is a bit tight. It was my husband's and i's anniversary and I needed something that would entertain him while also not regretting $$$$ wise. I was afraid of the quality but once I put it on	 it fit Perfectly. I am 5'2 and weigh around 190 lbs. The XL fit great	 I usually have trouble with bottoms bc I have small waist and bigger hips. But the thong fit perfectly fine! Loved it. I purchased the royal blue	 looks amazing.	review_date"
"This is beautiful and my husband loves it. He jumped me when he saw me trying it on. Needless to say we both approve.  The fabric is soft and comfortable. The thongs were a little big	 but still fit. I am very happy to add this to my collection!	review_date"
"Love this	  bust 36D	 waist 33	 hip bone area 38	 butt/thigh 41.  Got the large.  Fits great. Reveals just enough	 yet gives me comfort because Im not 20 anymore LOL.  Very soft and flowy	 and has good stetch to fabric in bust area to fit and hold you in.	review_date"
"I got mine today. I thought it was very pretty. I ordered LG. I'm 5	4 and 150lbs	 I wear a 38C in a bra. The length fit wonderfully. But the breast area is lacking. It wants to slide over to my armpit area and not stay where it's supposed too. I believe I should've ordered a XLG do to that fact. But otherwise I'm very satisfied with it.	review_date"
"For the price	 I did not have very high expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. The fabric is high quality	 and softer than I expected. The band fits as I would expect for a medium (I am a 34D) and the straps are adjustable. Cup size is closer to a C but overall I am very pleased.	review_date"
"So i ordered this as a bridal shower gift	 and it loved it. The material is super soft like it鈥檚 expensive. As soon as i got it i tried it on to see if it would fit the bride and i really wanted to keep it. It is exactly as the picture. Comes with the top and bottom. This lingerie looks and is super sexy in person. Also the bride i gave this to really love it!	review_date"
"Let鈥檚 start with the likes ! It鈥檚 Soft	 sexy and flattering. I love this ! color it鈥檚 beautiful! It looks as advertised. My girlfriend enjoyed seeing me in this. The dislikes are the strong plastic smell that came with it so wash it or have it cleaned a day or so before you plan to wear it. The other dislike is the fact that the fabric is starting to run a little on the bra area after just one wash :/Since the bra area isn鈥檛 controlled you may have to adjust it a few times when I first put it on my right breast was covered more than the left.	review_date"
"One of my few Amazon clothing purchases that actually fits compared to the size chart. Super cute	 I am a size 12/14 pear-shaped and the style was very flattering on me. The thong string gets way too twisted and impossible to untwist	 so I just wear the top only with other white bottoms that I have...	review_date"
"Ordered a size up and the bust was still a bit small. Also didn't realize there was a slit up the entire middle because it's not present in the images of the one I bought. Super sheer and nowhere near as vibrantly colored as shown. You can basically see straight through it. Nothing to the imagination.	review_date"
"It's Gorgeous! I ordered the minty color! Its soft and delicate like how lingerie should be and comfortable!! For reference I'm 36DD 150 lb and medium fit perfect. Maybe some boob spillage but that's because Im breast feeding. Perfect for nursing your little in at night when you just want to wear something light	 sexy and easy to nurse in :)	review_date"
"Omg I bought almost every color from this designer. I can't believe how cute and sexy it is. The cost does it no justice	 if i saw it in a store I would've paid triple. I will never buy lingerie from anyone else... washes well in cold water and I hang it up to dry. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"I really liked the look of this	 super delicate and innocent looking.  Just not quite what I was looking for.  It was well made	 comfortable and fit well.	review_date"
Pleasantly surprised.  I carry most of my weight in my stomach.  This item hid my imperfections and looked really good.  Will purchase more.Size: 16
"Material is super comfy! Stretchy and breathable. I am a 34DD	 5'1 \u0026 130 lbs and medium fit GREAT. I've never had lingerie I've actually enjoyed wearing *bc most are so tacky and material is not stretchy and hard* but I love this so much. Super sexy.	review_date"
"do it do it do it!  It's easy and sexy.  I'm going to get more colors.	review_date"
"It fit well but the cut is not that good. The paper thin fabric looks like it was cut with scissors when you inspect it but not obvious if you know what I mean. Also if you accidentally were to step on it with your knee I think it would definitely rip that's how delicate it is.	review_date"
"Fits like I thought. One less star for not so much boob room. But it is stretchy	 so it covers just fine. It's gorgeous and doesn't feel cheap at all. I'll be ordering more from this company!	review_date"
"I find it's always helpful to look at the reviews to know how to purchase you're own. So I figured I could possibly help someone too. I am 5'8	 193 lbs	 my clothes size is 12-14 and my bra size is 36DDD. The XL was perfect fit.  Even with the top everything fit so well. I'm currently gonna purchase a different color. I was surprisingly pleased!	review_date"
"I bought the purple lace and the color is very pretty on. The item fits alittle larger than l would like but it will serve it鈥檚 purpose to please my partner鈥檚 eye. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 size 8/10	 and 32 GG bust. I bought the large to allow more room for my bust however l think l would have been just fine in a medium. The set was very cheap and the material isn鈥檛 bad at all.	review_date"
"I have hips and I am a 38DD and ordered the xl just to be sure it would fit and it fit perfectly. Ordered the blue color it's pretty. Easy to put in	 no itchy material.	review_date"
"Bought this as a gift for a friend's bachelorette! I have one in dark blue and i love how forgiving it is. Very sexy on any body type	 and good if you don't love restrictive bra shaped lingerie.	review_date"
"I bought a size medium bc I love my new extended curves that this beautiful baby bump has brought me. I鈥檓 8 months preggo in the photo	 and I wanted the peak-a-boo affect that the slit down the middle allows. Mind you	 the fabric is VERY sheer	 so my not so little brown crowns of mothers milk do show through but for this Valentines tease	 that was just what we needed. Hope you guys enjoy it as much as we did *winks*	review_date"
"Love the way it fits and my boyfriend did too ! The color I bought was white. 2xl and it fit like a glove the only thing I needed to adjusted was the strings because it was a bit large but I fixed it and it fit perfectly. I was a bit worried seeing as I do have a big bust but it fit! I love this lingerie	review_date"
"Very beautiful and perfect fit. I purchased this for my fianc茅 and she loved it so much that she said I can always lingerie shop for her. Took it on our love and appreciation trip	review_date"
"This fits well	 even on a big girl. It is flattering and covers all my troublesome areas. It's very comfortable and my husband  likes it.	review_date"
"I got the purple one and it is really cute on. I purchased a small and it is just right. I wear a 34b and it was tight but just right.	review_date"
"Great nightie! Large fits 32/34DD bust on medium frame 132 pounds. Bodice is lacy sheer but nice and snug enough to provide a little support while the rest is flowy around mid section. Straps are adjustable. Thong is just the right size and fits perfectly. Material is good quality - soft and silky.	review_date"
"Sexy but G-string way too small for someone blessed with extra pounds in the hips. Would have kept if had come with sexy brief size panties.	review_date"
"A very nice sexy babydoll! This is quite flattering on me which makes it nice to wear. I鈥檓 very pleased with this purchase \u0026 my BF is too!	review_date"
"it could be  bettet its a little scratchy ifk if id wear all to offten cause of that but other than that it very pretty nice lace  design is great  the bottomes tho  they dont fit at all  the sting is big but the  lace part is small	review_date"
"I really liked the color and it did fit good but because of how stretchy it is I could've gotten a smaller size. All in all I really liked it!!UPDATE: My boyfriend absolutely loved this one a lot better then the other I bought. He really liked the lace on it and the color	review_date"
"I loved this baby doll m but it was large on me even with ordering small. For reference I am 5 6鈥?and 130 lbs.	review_date"
"Adorable adorable adorable annndddd sexy. Made well too! Noticed it was from china...  remember to order big ladies. They do not make the same sizes as U.S.	review_date"
"Love this!!  I鈥檓 kind of chubby in the midsection and this covers that up and is very flattering!	review_date"
"Being a plus size women	 especially short and plus size (have great curves	 but still carry most my weight in my stomach)	 I was very skeptical about ordering online clothes/lingerie.  When I received this and tried it on HOLY SEXYNESS! I'm 5'2 235lbs.  I highly recommend this item.	review_date"
"Very cute set..I got tue green and it was so soft and comfortable and the matching panties made this a very sexy outfit...hubby loved it!!	review_date"
"The top is comfortable and flowy and soft. Feels similar to more expensive ensembles. The thong was a little roomy	 but I think for a lot of people it will fit just fine. I ordered according to the size chart provided.	review_date"
"Cup size is too small for XL	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"This was the first time I had ever bought lingerie and wasn鈥檛 sure on how to size. I kinda just guessed going off my shirt size when it came in it fit perfectly. I was concerned it would be very uncomfortable because when I grabbed it the material felt rough but when I put it on it was super comfy I didn鈥檛 want to take it off. And the color was identical to the picture.	review_date"
"A little to snug in the breast area! They only ask for hip size! Would be better if they used breast size as well	 especially if you have large breasts or are older!	review_date"
"This sleepware is as pictured. Super soft delicate lace. I am curious to see how it washes. For the price it鈥檚 nice.	review_date"
"Amazing set and so affordableMust have more!!	review_date"
"I wouldn't wear it for a very special occasion but it worked great for New Orleans.	review_date"
"The fabric is so light and soft	 and my husband loved it. He's the one that picked it out	 but with previous luck	 we didn't get our hopes up too much. It actually fits properly and is super comfy.	review_date"
"This was a yes! Beautiful bright pink	 fit great and is really sexy. My husband loved it	 kept telling me how hot I looked. I felt hot	 too! Arrived on time and packaged well. I will be buying more.	review_date"
"Gorgeous color and material. Very lose and pretty. Comes with matching g string.	review_date"
"Stunningly gorgeous \u0026comfortable!  Well made \u0026 flattering!	review_date"
"I'm 128 lbs 5'6\ with DDD cup and the small fit perfectly! It only just barely covered my nipples	 and but I wanted my boobs to be accentuated. If you want a little more boob coverage for that size	 you'll need go go larger.I loved the material	 it wasn't itchy and draped nicely. The g string fit nicely too	 wasn't too tall and didn't cut.""	review_date"
"Lingerie is great fit perfectly. Didn't think it will be so good. Material is soft and durable. Can't post pictures but is wonderful	review_date"
"My wife ordered it.  She likes it.  I like it... Need I say more?	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 really cute and not as in-your-face as some lingerie. Would totally recommend!	review_date"
"LOVE! The color is beautiful and the fabric is soft and light. I'm a curvy woman so I get nervous about ordering products like this	 but it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Talk about sexy!!  This fits to size and feels amazing!  I can鈥檛 wait to purchase more!!	review_date"
"Beautiful and very soft.	review_date"
"Wife looks hot in it!	review_date"
"I really love this lace babydoll but it is cut slightly bigger than the size I selected.	review_date"
"It's a very sexy nightgown. I recommend it. But the pajamas are really bad. This size is too small for me. It doesn't look good on me. It's not worth the price.	review_date"
"Read the reviews and sized up one size	 fits great and wasn't ripped or anything.	review_date"
"Very nice it's soft lace very sexy and comfortable	review_date"
"Wifey is happy	review_date"
"Liked the see through	 very sexy!!	review_date"
"I love every thing about it	 this is the first time getting any type of lingerie (never had enough confidence to wear any) after trying this on I felt so good about my body and so confident. My boyfriend enjoys it as well :). I like the lace details and the softness of the fabric and its very comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"Nice and loose in the bottom part but if have bigger breast I鈥檇 recommend get a size up of youre usually size. Was a little tight in the breast area for me.	review_date"
"very cheaply made. no support.	review_date"
"Gift	review_date"
"AS EXPECTED	 VERY PRETTY.	review_date"
"Cool	review_date"
"Love this lingerie	 fits well	 very sexy	review_date"
"For reference. I鈥檓 5 4. 200lbs. 38D. I got the large and it was a tad snug on my ladies but nothing wrong with that! Was excited to try this on for the mister and we both loved it! Material was very soft and loved the color! Might go back for different colors!	review_date"
"I brought this as a bridal gift with other items. She loved it and I would recommend it to anyone else who is interested. The color was really nice and the items felt nice (not cheap).	review_date"
"I LOVE this!!! Fit way better than expected and isn't as flimsy as I thought it would be! Plus it's super duper cute and makes me feel sexy :^)	review_date"
"The top was exactly what I wanted and expected. Fit perfectly.The thong was twisted and not something I'd be comfortable wearing because of it.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I love this lingerie. I have 2 colors. It is sexy	 lightweight and doesn't look cheap. GREAT BUY!!!!	review_date"
"Looked and FIT great... very stretchy!!	review_date"
"This item fits just as expected. I am a size 2x. This babydoll hugs my curves nicely	 actuates my shape	 and feels great on my skin. There is no underwire for larger breast women	 but you can adjust the straps to fit your breast beautifully. Great item!	review_date"
"My Lady Loved it !	review_date"
"Absolutley love this! As a loyal Victorias secret costumer I was super hesitant to buy this but oh my gosh it has far exceeded my expectations. It is surprisingly extremely comfortable and looks exactly like the picture. Super cute and will be buying more colors :)	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect! I kinda want to buy it in every color!	review_date"
"Very cheap and poorly constructed.	review_date"
"This is a super cute piece of lingerie	 my wife loves it! It鈥檚 comfortable and sexy	 two things that often don鈥檛 go together. The price was great and it was delivered as promised and on time. I definitely recommend.	review_date"
"Pretty	 but tight.	review_date"
"Such a great color and looks great on.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Very sexy. Adjustable straps are a plus. My guy was very impressed. Now he wants to purchase and see me in the red. The thong is a cute lil add-on as well.	review_date"
"It was nice but it was a little bigger than expected for a medium but i guess i'm just losing weight.	review_date"
"Very sexy	 looks great. Everything fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Wife loves it... I likey alot also!	review_date"
"Love the feel of it and it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Very sexy and a good price.	review_date"
"I love the color. Very comfortable and holds my breasts in place. I love this piece and will probably order the other colors	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy! Fits perfectly	review_date"
"Beautiful fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Fits perfect and my boyfriend loved it. I'm 5'7\ 165 lbs and bought a large. Perfect""	review_date"
"The material is very nice. The color is so pretty.	review_date"
"Love the color. Very cute. Perfect fit. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it for my husband	review_date"
"purchased as a gift.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Poorly sewn	 designed and probably not what's pictured in the product image but rather a cheap imitation. Awkward fit and no structure.	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"very cost effective and fit nicely	review_date"
"This was a perfect gift for a wedding shower. She loved it! The color was awesome the quality was good and the sizing seemed forgiving!	review_date"
"Sexy! Great quality!	review_date"
"So comfortable and yet so sexy. I'm a curvy girl and it accents me in such a beautiful and sensual way. I can tell the fabric used is of great quality because of its elasticity. Beautiful color selection as well.	review_date"
"gorgeous	review_date"
"Really cheap quality	 come with a big hole on the side	review_date"
"I didn't know whether I have to go for a size larger or not. Finally	 I decided to go for S	 because I always get S. I am 5.8	 wearing 34C. It fits perfect	 and I am glad that I didn't order M.	review_date"
"So so tiny! Couldn't even try it on.	review_date"
"This item came in the exact color pictured and fit amazingly. If you have bigger boobs it is a little difficult to get them situated but once you do you鈥檒l look gorgeous. The material is super soft. My boyfriend and I loved it!	review_date"
"Great fit ! Great material ! It looks very sexy on and honestly I was not expecting something this nice for this price ! I ordered several other pieces and this one has been my favorite of them all so far. I would buy again from this seller. Thank you !	review_date"
"It was a gift	review_date"
"Package was missing the panties. Kind of took away from the whole experience.	review_date"
"Loved it and the fit	 but the one I received was ripped.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"True to size and made nice	review_date"
"Very sexy!!	review_date"
"very poor quality	 can't wear	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect very beautiful !!!!	review_date"
"The material is pretty cheap. It does look like the picture thou.	review_date"
"Exactly like the picture and looks very sexy on! I might have to order in a few more colors :)	review_date"
"Fits very true to size. Comfortable with soft lace. I would say if you are a little larger breasted get a larger size then normal.	review_date"
"Comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Wife looks amazing in it	review_date"
"Fit very well just wasn鈥檛 as flowy as I expected	 but I still loved it!	review_date"
"Size is huge. Way too big!	review_date"
"Really pretty	 comfortable and fun!	review_date"
"My favorite lingerie right now. My babe loves it too馃槉. The shape is very flattering to my curvy figure. I will be ordering more in different colors.	review_date"
"Color and fit are on point!	review_date"
"Perfect and very pretty	review_date"
"This fits perfect omgI鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 160 and got the size large and it鈥檚 fits amazing!	review_date"
"beautiful	review_date"
"so beautifully made	 fits perfectly	 soft and comfortable and sexy. I love just wearing it alone to bed.	review_date"
"Underwear are too small	Bra area doesnt fit well	The lace doesnt cover nipples well	review_date"
"Great material and really well made for the price!I ordered a small and I'm 5'5 140 lbs.	review_date"
"Its okay	 its a bit okay for bust 44	  which its still better 	 馃憤	review_date"
"ABSOLUTELY LOVE! I was so worried about the fit	 usually I dont have the greatest luck with but it was perfect! 馃槶馃挏馃挏	review_date"
"When I tell you I put this on and I feel so sexy. Great color. Fits my body perfectly. Im 5'6 190... I got the large. I could probably fit the medium but I feel comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this purchase! The blue green color is beautiful! I also really like the texture of the material! Fits better than I expected!	review_date"
"The teddy fits beautifully and I'm very happy with it. However	 my booty is on the larger side and that G string did not work.	review_date"
"Shipped fast... bit undersized but still great	review_date"
"True to size nice material for the price. Don鈥檛 expect to be super high quality but it works ! Will order again soon	review_date"
"Tore easily	review_date"
"No breast support. I am a 38DD I didnt like it tried it on took it off through it aside.	review_date"
"Liked it	review_date"
"Wife loved it	review_date"
"Cute and fit right. Quality is decent for what you鈥檙e paying.	review_date"
"its so sexy	review_date"
"I love this lingerie! It is so pretty and fits so well!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and chunky and the xl fit me perfectly! But the thing was a bit too big	review_date"
"It's cute but a little tight	review_date"
"Cheaply made and did not fit.	review_date"
"I love this product! Fits perfectly and lifts my breast (which are huge btw) even though its cupless! Want one in every color!	review_date"
"I order a size medium and it did not properly fit.	review_date"
"More like this	review_date"
"It fit perfectly and it鈥檚 made well.	review_date"
"Nothing	 it was perfect	review_date"
"Fit was just as expected!	review_date"
"Love the flowy bottom on this. Super soft!	review_date"
"It smelt a little weird at first bits it鈥檚 good now it fits perfectly !! I recommend	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very comfortable and soft.	review_date"
"It was so cheap strings was hanging around it.  I had to cut them off.  Disappointed	review_date"
"It was so sexy on my wife. She was so hot wearing it. It was a long night	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"Absolutely love this!!! Not cheaply made and makes me feel really confident!! Worth every penny	review_date"
"Soft and prefect	review_date"
"Looks great on the GF 馃槣	review_date"
"Fits like a glove and is so comfortable!	review_date"
"I guess i assumed it would have more support.Just not what i expected.	review_date"
"Love it! Super sexy and looks exactly like the photos	review_date"
"No me gusto el modelo de los panties. la parte trasera muy incomoda.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy	review_date"
"Fabric is soft both the lace and nylon/poly(?) multiple flowing folds.  Very alluring.	review_date"
"Excellent product	 excellent quality. I love it.	review_date"
"Really cute. Fits well. Looks exactly like the picture. Good price. 馃憤	review_date"
"It fit just a little bigger than expected but overall really pretty and a decent material.	review_date"
"Beautiful and fits great !!	review_date"
"The color and the quality	review_date"
"Fits about 2 sizes too small	review_date"
"It feels comfortable and fit as expected!!	review_date"
"Great color...fit me perfectly... Great deal.	review_date"
"Just like the picture	 extremely soft.	review_date"
"I love this. It's very figure flattering and made even better than I expected it to be.	review_date"
"It was good sized and good priced.	review_date"
"A little on the small side	review_date"
"Product arrived defective (ripped)	review_date"
"Running big	review_date"
"love this color 		!	review_date"
"Sexy as hell!	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"It fits me perfectly fine!!!	review_date"
"Very cute and flirty	review_date"
"Beautiful.	review_date"
"It's good for the price.  Its thin	 but still sexy.  If you want thicker	 higher quality you would have to pay more - and it doesn't stay on long enough to warrant paying more!	review_date"
"It's not the most high quality item but it fit great and looked great when I was in need of some lingerie and didn't have the time to go the a store. For reference I am 5'8 120 lbs and have size DD boobs. This fit surprisingly well	review_date"
"Basically	 everything fit except for the bust area! I couldn鈥檛 even kind of	 sort of get it to cover my nipples. The fabric just laid to high and too off to the side	 it did not look flattering or sexy at all. If your breasts are at least my cup size or larger	 consider getting something else.	review_date"
"For the price	 the is a great deal!  I usually wear an XL but based on the reviews I saw they ran about a size smaller so I purchased an XXL and it fits perfect!!  My husband LOVED it!!	review_date"
"Fitted her very small	review_date"
"For being so affordable	 I was expecting a cheap \maybe wear it a few times\"" piece of lingerie. Nope! The lace isn't scratchy. The whole thing is actually very smooth and silky. I love it. My fianc茅 loves it.The fit is great. I have a larger chest but this covered my breasts and held them in fairly well. The asymmetric cut is cute and I like that the fabric overlaps just enough for this to look like a nightie	 instead of just flying open in the front. The side details are great. The G- string was kind of oddly made. That doesn't matter to me at all though. I usually just toss them.Overall	 beautiful and sexy!""	review_date"
"I love this. I got multiple lingeries from this shop	 because it鈥檚 the first one that has nice lingerie that fit and have good quality. Aaaaaand the important part is: they survive the washing machine if you put them into one of these protective sacks.	review_date"
"Just got this in	 can't wait to wear it tonight. I can tell you	 the color may look blue in my picture bit it is a beautiful mint green just as advertised. I ordered an xl and by looking at it I believe it will fit nicely. The fabric is very soft. Will uodat post after I have worn it.	review_date"
"i LOVE this baby doll! For the price it is great quality! I am 103 pounds and 5 ft tall and a small fits me if I tighten the straps a bit..... so far so good - The red is gorgeous and ultra sexy - planning to buy more colors soon! - Xx	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 hesitate	 true to size and very comfortable.I just ordered more colors.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I love my lingerie	 it鈥檚 just the right size and my favorite color and the seller is very sweet and attentive. I would most definitely recommend all of my female friends and family to purchase from her.	review_date"
"I ordered a large and I'm 5'2 180 lbs. It looks AMAZING. It fits perfectly and the material is so soft. Its very flattering to my body type which is hourglass. I would reccomed this to a woman wanting to get a great quality lingerie fpr a great price. Will def buy again!	review_date"
"I LOVE THIS!! Perfect fit	 washes well	 not cheap material. Very satisfied!	review_date"
"great product 	 love the color and the material used.	review_date"
"Love the feel of the fabric and the size was accurate.	review_date"
"Significantly more sheer than the photo led me to believe. Not that I had a problem with that	 but it does make my wife a bit self conscious	review_date"
"love it fits as expected	review_date"
"Gorgeous makes me look hot	review_date"
"Thank you so much. Highly appreciated.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Nice only the tong is way small no acorde with the correct size. Baby doll is perfect !!	review_date"
"Cute set but If you got girls this is a NO GO! Straps kept popping undone...the bust area lace doesn't cover as shown. It sits offsides and your whole boob is just....there.	review_date"
"I love how I feel when I put this on. It is super sexy and strappy. I would include a photo	 but that is for my husband鈥檚 eyes only. I recommend this 100%! One recommendation I saw is to order up when buying these. For instance	 I usually wear a XL in t shirts	 but ordered a 3x in this and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"So I just had a baby 2 months ago and I鈥檓 more on the plus size so when I initially bought it I was just expecting it to look semi decent. Once I tried it on I felt so confident and sexy that I didn鈥檛 want to take it off. If you鈥檙e the type of person that is scared or uncomfortable in lingerie I think this could be the one for you. I honestly feel like it would look good on any body type.	review_date"
"The product was as described the bow did not come tied when trying to tie the bow it would not hold its shape otherwise genuine	review_date"
"The bow looks dumb as hell. Does not lay nice like in the picture.. should be a pre tied niiice bow because no matter how many times I re tie	 it looks like a blob. Suppose to be for Valentine's.. I would return but since I allllready put it on	 that's gross so I guess I'm sick with it.Well..Had to update this... my husband loved it	 soooo guess it was perfect lol	review_date"
"I always try to find something fun for a gift for bachelorette parties... the bride to be needs something fun and to break the ice. The material in this is semi-stretchy. Seems a little big but has straps that adjust. The silk tie is nice. Worked well for its purpose this weekend.	review_date"
"Loved this product great fit extremely sexy! Would totally recommend!	review_date"
"I received this package fairly quickly. I tried it on and it fits just right. Very sexy especially to share with someone. Cute thong that comes with it. Bow can be untied. Love the lace feeling against skin. Durable lace material. If theres different colors I would do buy.	review_date"
"The fabric is very comfortable and light on skin. Ribbon looks silky and alluring. Very teasing look. I love it!	review_date"
"Just as the pic shows! I love it. And material is super soft	 doesn鈥檛 scratch the nip nops.	review_date"
"Ran a bit big but this is gorgeous! I ordered 5-6 bodysuits and this was my favorite	review_date"
"After reading the reviews I decided to size up to a medium	 but after trying it on	 a small would have fit just fine. For reference	 I'm 5'7\ and currently 120 pounds with a D cup - if I were a smaller than a C	 this would have been too big but I think it all comes down to body type - my ribcage is really small so tops that fit my upper body can be an issue. The color is beautiful	 the lace looks lovely	 and it's very soft.I'm editing this review because the first item I received was damaged (small round hole straight out of the packaging) and the seller immediately responded and sent me a replacement	 which is in perfect condition. I really appreciate a seller who stands by their products and cares about their customer's satisfaction	 so I'll definitely be ordering from them again.Originally I was planning on wearing this for my husband for an evening in	 but it's so pretty that I think it'd pair great with a strappy black bralette and a higher waisted black pencil skirt for a night out as well.""	review_date"
"	review_date"
"This is a beautiful lingerie garment. I LOVE the emerald green color and the fit was perfect. I used it for my boudoir session as a gift for my future husband and it photographed beautifully. ***The only thing I would say is you have to be careful not to rip it when putting it on or taking it off. There are no buttons or zippers. It is a little stretchy	 but not too much. Very well made.5'4''	 140lbs	 34D - Ordered S and it fit perfect.	review_date"
"This is the sexiest piece of lingerie ever!! I have short red hair	 so it works perfectly. The green is a little more of an emerald color than what the picture shows	 actually prettier I think. The size is really small	 but accurate to what it says. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 34DDD and the xl fits perfect.	review_date"
"Got this for a photo shoot and it was absolutely stunning. I am 36-29-42 and I got a large.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 okay for the price and the use I need it for but the material is extremely low quality and it鈥檚 not made of sturdy fabric so I have to be careful when putting it on. I ordered the correct size but I鈥檓 6 ft tall and curvy rear end thin legs very long legs I don鈥檛 have the 鈥渇lat belly鈥?but I have a nice figure. The body suit goes right up my butt and it鈥檚 pulling down my small breasts and gives no sexy support at all and looks absolutely nothing like the pictures indicated on the model. I鈥檓 a model and that鈥檚 what I am using it for and now I have to get something to hold the boob area shut and somehow pull down the crotch so the little belly I do have doesn鈥檛 bulge out of the sides. It鈥檚 a shame I really fell in love with this before I bought it and now I鈥檓 stuck wearing something uncomfortable and makes me look fat!!	review_date"
"Really loved this piece but it had two holes in the left side in the mesh. Would return because of this however I don鈥檛 have time to return and wait for a new one to come inUpdate:Their customer care team reached out to me and the email address and other title lines were in Chinese	 at first I thought it was spam but I was glad I responded. Lina was the representative that reached out to me and she was above and beyond amazing	 there is a small language barrier but she did great! They sent me a new piece of my choice and it fit great and no issues or errors with quality. super pleased with Love You Sexy	 thanks Lina!	review_date"
"I really wanted to love this	 it was very well made	 but was too small for me. I ordered a small	 maybe I'll order a size up	 but the quality and design were stunning.	review_date"
"I'm a mother of breastfed twins so you can imagine what that does to a girls' boobs. So I recently got a breast lift/aug and I needed something that was sexy and revealing but not too crazy for their debut. This was PERFECT. It fits like a glove even though I was worried about the sleeves because my arms are on the chunky side.I can't speak to how it works as lingerie because I wore it as a shirt but I absolutely love it. I get so many compliments every time I wear it and it makes my boobs look fantastic.	review_date"
"I got so many compliments!! Absolutely gorgeous and looks just like For Love and Lemons at a fraction of the price. Very sheer but that didn鈥檛 bother me. Obsessed.	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 believe the reviews this is TOTALLY see through. I read the other customer reviews and it said that it wasn鈥檛. Maybe the design has changed because when it arrived it is entirely made of lace with nothing else. Will be returning because I was planning on using it for a sexy Halloween costume but I didn鈥檛 mean for it to be that sexy! It may be fine for lingerie but absolutely can鈥檛 wear out unless you have a second layer underneath. It鈥檚 also a little bit large	 I ordered a small but it鈥檚 quite long in the torso.	review_date"
"This bodysuit is amazing! The green is such a beautiful shade! I honestly got it to wear it to go out	 I hoped the lace in the front would cover a little more	 it doesn鈥檛 look like it	 but i ll wear some skin tone adhesive bra so it should work. It鈥檚 amazing! Very well made and it comes in a little zipped bag. I almost forgot it was delivered the next day!!!	review_date"
"It's pretty	 but needs some TLC	 it came ripped and the pant cut was weird	 dont order if you're over 5'4....cuz the panty cut goes up to my waist and I'm 5'7Update: customer service is sublime	 they saw my original review	 they were very sweet and offered to replace itUnfortunately I'm just too tall for it.But I will say it is very soft and the color is very accurate.Based on most of the customer reviews	 my experience was rare.	review_date"
"really pretty color	 the v in the top is WIDE	 barely covers my boobs at all	 also cut a little bit short and narrow in the front. but you can see that in the photos. otherwise its super pretty! used it for photos only	 was hoping to wear it at a event but the top cut made that impossible	review_date"
"Reading several reviews about the item being flawed upon delivery I wasn鈥檛 surprised to find the item had small tears.  I鈥檝e returned it and purchased another. When it arrives I鈥檒l update the review.Update: return on the defective item went smoothly and the one I bought as a replacement came flawless.  My wife looks amazing in it and it is a great outfit.	review_date"
"I have had 4 children so my body isn't like the women you see modeling these kind of things off. I didn't quite know what to expect when I order this but upon trying it on I was extatic. It's very flattering and it makes me feel sexy. It kind of reminds me of a sexy version of an ice skating uniform. My only concern is that the material is fragile and I worry about it ripping if I'm not careful.	review_date"
"Was perfect for my poison ivy costume! At first I had ordered a corset but it didn't quite fit properly/wasn't flattering so I decided to try this bodysuit. It was perfect and so sexy! I did order one size up from my typical size and I'm glad I did. Only slight issue is it seemed a bit too short for my torso but I wore a tutu over it anyway so that wasn't a big deal to me.	review_date"
"The lace is so soft to the touch and far from itchy like some lace. It is made well and super cute. I think the sides by the thigh go up a bit higher than I would like and that it runs a little on the small size. I am 5 foot 4 and 155 pounds and usually wear a size medium top	 got a large because sometimes I need a size up with lingerie and it still was a tad small on me.	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?0鈥? ~ 180lns	 36D It鈥檚 beautiful but I鈥檓 not fully sure that I will ever wear it鈥?I can鈥檛 return it because it鈥檚 Lingerie 鈥?It鈥檚 a bit short in the torso鈥?The arms are not very long and hit at the form in the middle鈥?It probably looks good on a few people but not me鈥?The crotch is really long and makes a weird shape for my body鈥?	review_date:November 17	 2018""	star"
"This doesn鈥檛 have many reviews. But it is PERFECTTT . I bought to wear as an undershirt for a sleeveless dress . It made the dress look sooo much fancier than any altering I鈥檝e ever done on dresses . I鈥檝e spent more on alterations than dresses sometimes just for it to look plain/bad but modest so it felt great to find something that costs a fifth of the price but looks 10times better . Thankyou Thankyou Thankyou !!! Please make more colors ! I鈥檒l deff recommend to anyone I know in need of sleeves. Also ofcourse 	 after the party you鈥檙e fully glammed up and dressed for your significant other . A Plus	review_date"
"This is extremely flattering. The top is see through but I will be wearing it under a blazer. You would need to keep that in mind to wear in public. Plenty of fabric in the behind so no bunching as you walk and the sleeves are not tight but skim the arm. I am hourglass shaped and curvy.	review_date"
"Love! I鈥檓 a 34DDD size 10/8 height 5鈥?and 150lbs. I was a little nervous about this since I have such a large chest but it fit amazing!! Great quality soft and stretchy! Only thing that would make it better would be snaps in the bottom.	review_date"
"I have 38DD's and was afraid my short torso wouldn't flattering as the photo shows. I was pleasantly surprised! It's very sexy and fits great!	review_date"
"I don't think it feels like it is going to rip like several other reviews have mentioned. It feels like good quality	 especially for the price. It looks exactly like the picture	 but maybe a touch more on the emerald green side than the darker green I was hoping for. But that's not a big deal. It's still pretty. The sides are cut super high	 as shown in the picture. No real complaints.	review_date"
"Purchased this for my wife she loves it and so do i.Quality is great fits perfectly and looks amazing.If you have a curved body its a PLUS as it brings out the curves nicely.	review_date"
"Loved loved loved this piece! Don't hesitate to buy this one. I loved the green	 it went really well with my skin tone and my brown hair as well. I am 5'5 133 pounds and I got a small. Fit so well and so sexy	review_date"
"I bought an Xl ( Im a size 12-14) Fits perfect. AMAZING material- very classy very upscale! Green is stunning on blondes. WOW!!! Saw one just like it at the mall for triple the $. I would buy this brand again!!	review_date"
"Honestly surprised.. but I am completely in love with this product. I think I need to order a few more different colors lol!it was unexpectedly true to color.. a gorgeous emerald green and fit perfectly! I ordered the large. I'm 5'3	 very curvy. 150 lb and a 34G.Yes the fabric is very delicate... but I was expecting that.. wearing it for my Boudoir shoot this weekend and if I get a few more uses after that	 I'll be more than satisfied!	review_date"
"I bought this one in green and was a hit. Got it in red with a sheer black rob	 killed it with hubby. I love the way this craves my body. I am 5鈥?145lbs and bought a medium. Is was a perfect fit once again!	review_date"
"I really like this	 I'm a sucker for all things green hued like this. The sleeves are soft and sexy	 and the embellishment on the chest is so dainty and fun. It made me feel awesome	 also works under some clothing pieces as an accent piece or extra pizzaz. The only think I'm really missing is a bottom in the vagina region for easier on and off function. .	review_date"
"Almost made a baby that night	review_date"
"Material is super soft and comfortable. Fit was good but crotch was a little tight because i have a long torso and I never wear thongs so to me that wasnt comfortable	review_date"
"WOW!! Looks freaking also on my wife. Love the texture on the front n back. Got it large for her n it fits perfect. Green is just a completely different color I really like it on her	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 160lbs and the medium fits perfect!Hugs at the waist and shows off your curves!Material is stretchy so it is comfortable as well	review_date"
"I ordered the green in a size medium. I鈥檓 5鈥? 159 lbs 34DD. It fits like a glove. Their size chart is accurate. The quality \u0026 material are absolutely beautiful!! I would compare it to Victoria鈥檚 Secret! The green is absolutely stunning \u0026 I have gotten TONS of compliments. Definitely ordering the other 2 colors! Same day shipping was great. Thank you!	review_date"
"So sexy! Great quality material. 5鈥? 145 36C \u0026 a large fit like a glove! Sexy as hell.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a fluffy girl so i was alittle nervous on the fit bit it fit perfectly and the emerald color is beautiful.. matched my lipstick perfectly!Looks just as pictured. It is completely see through.	review_date"
"It does fit. This is my first ever lingerie and when i saw myself in it i was like i definitely have to get my sexy back so im defintly motivated to workout. But this lingrie is sexy and i cant wait to drop these pounds and wear this sexy lingrie with confidence 馃挅馃挅馃挅馃挅	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and this was so short I couldn鈥檛 even pull it all the way up. Disappointing.	review_date"
"LOVE this! The lace/fabric is very soft. It isn鈥檛 like the lace on most cheap lingerie. It is very nice quality and fits perfectly. I am always torn between getting a medium or large because I鈥檓 bigger chested. The large fits perfectly! I was also nervous about how it would fit my chest but it鈥檚 perfect! I highly recommend!	review_date"
"Love it! So sexy on the body. The green is just like the product shows	 so pretty (not bright	 very deep). So glad I bought this. I'm 5'8 and 140 lbs and the medium fit perfectly.	review_date"
"225 42DD I ordered an XXL	 sleeves were a little big but I preferred the loser fit. I feel my torso was a little long for it but I wore pants with it. I used for my bday outfit	 beautiful lace	 2 day delivery with prime. Lace was not itchy鈥攊t鈥檚 see through but can鈥檛 really tell	 I would wear patches if going out in public	review_date"
"very sexy but I need more chest support but a person with perky boobs could slay this	review_date"
"Ehh	 the arms arent snug at all so they just ride up in the elbow area and just looks goofy. Idk might return	review_date"
"Super soft	 absolutely love this! The sleeves are kinda loose at the bottom but other than that it鈥檚 perfect!	review_date"
"THIS. it's so comfy and feels so sexy and can easily wear it under something. Bonus is my husband loves the color.	review_date"
"Fits great and actually looks like the picture. I feel sexy and beautiful.	review_date"
"I ordered 3 of the same bodysuit all different colours. The other 2 were spot on stretchy at the crotch area not tight fitting and the top stitching is fine on the other two I bought. However the top stitching (which holds the left breast side and the right breast side together) came apart fully and broke the first night I wore it :(	review_date"
"Very cute piece. BUT... Fits very large.	review_date"
"I felt beautiful in this on my wedding night. Great quality and it came asap. No pun intended	review_date"
"This is a really cute piece. I was suprised at how well it fit! Would definitely order again!	review_date"
"Ordered based on the size chart measurements. Fits great. Lace on the sleeves is not stretchy and not as tight as I would like but that's really nit-picking. Comfortable and soft. I'm 5'5\ 184lbs. Measurements are 108cm bust	 94cm waist	 105cm hips.""	review_date"
"So pretty but runs a tiny bit small. I got the green in L for a photo shoot and it was a little tight but looked beautiful. I'm 5'4 170 I would go a size up.	review_date"
"Definitely a beautiful piece of lingerie. It fits my body perfectly and accents all the right features.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?3鈥? 129lbs	 34C and ordered a M.. absolutely love the color since I鈥檓 a redhead. Husband gets very turned on by it.	review_date"
"Tore first time wearing it	 wore for less than an hour total.** I have come back to edit my rating	 as customer service was incredible and they were able to refund me for my defective item.	review_date"
"Love this so much	 but it ran a tad bit small	review_date"
"I probably should have sized up	 but overall it is a great piece. I used it for a photoshoot and it was perfect! My friends all want one now lol. I鈥檇 love to see it in different colors. Great piece.	review_date"
"Beautiful! Your very skin will snag the fabric	 no matter how well moisturized	 so this is a wear once and throw away.	review_date"
"Amazing! Fell in love with this! Fits perfect	 I am 123lbs 5ft ordered a M and it fit perfectly	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and 148 lbs I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly. Absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Super sexy and very nicely made	review_date"
"The material on this is amazing! Its not scratchy and super stretchy. I鈥檓 5鈥?1鈥?and 150 pounds	 I got a medium and it fits great. Kind of with I got a small because it is a little baggy but was super easy to get on and honestly the most comfortable lingerie I鈥檝e ever worn.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Nice Quality \u0026 Material 馃挄	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Cheap material	review_date"
"Toooo small and lightly lined cups would be nice I'm a 36DD so its a uniboob look	review_date"
"Very silky feeling and pretty color	review_date"
"I bought this for a photo shoot	 and it couldn鈥檛 be more perfect	 the color is gorgeous	 much more forest green than the pictures	 and the cut is so flattering on all my curves!	review_date"
"The fit was perfect	 the material was soft and comfortable....it was a huge hit with the hubs!!!!	review_date"
"Needs a.snap at the crotch. No snap	 not practical.	review_date"
"This lingerie is beautiful but it鈥榮 too big for me and I鈥檓 normally a size small. It鈥檚 too baggy in the armpit area and excessively loose in the sleeves. I highly recommend this brand starts making size XS for us smaller ladies.	review_date"
"Fits great love the color 馃槉 happy with this purchase and so is my man	review_date"
"This fit pretty well (a bit to big on top...I am a 34B). But my boyfriend loved how I look in this!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful!!! The green is so so pretty! The quality is shockingly nice! I鈥檓 very happy! It鈥檚 sexy and comfy and so sexy!	review_date"
"Another wonderful piece to add to my lingerie collection. It fit perfectly and the color was exactly what I wanted. I'm 5'5\	 130 lbs and a medium worked for me.""	review_date"
"My wife lost her 70 dollar similar  bodysuit from Victoria 	 so i found this product and this ended up being better! Fit great	 doesnt ride up and perfectly form fitting	review_date"
"Perfect! I loved this teddy so much it fit perfectly and hugged in all the right places. Best boudoir piece I bought for my shoot!	review_date"
"I am 5\4 130 lbs and I ordered a medium. It fits wonderfully and it's very nice material it is sheer all over and very sexy""	review_date"
"Super sexy	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Fits perfect but it did come with a small tear in the fabric. Fabric is REALLY easily snagged. It looks amazing on.	review_date"
"Love this item and their customer support is top knotch! Definitely would recommend!	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"I loved the way it fits	 unfortunately the material is very thin. I had to be very careful when putting it on so I wouldn't rip it. Would have been five stars if the material wasn't so cheap.	review_date"
"Fit well.  Didn't fall apart.  Can wear a few times and be washed also.	review_date"
"I Love it you can wear it as Lingerie or even with a bra and Jean's and a jacket for an evening look! The sizing was spot on  it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Loved it!! It fit perfectly and it's comfortable. I'm 5 ft tall	 wear 36B	 and weigh 137	 medium was a perfect size! My husband loved it!!	review_date"
"Thank you so much! I love this bodysuit!	review_date"
"I really enjoyed the outfit! And color!	review_date"
"Bought as a 鈥渏ust because鈥?in order to surprise my husband. It fit perfectly and wasn鈥檛 constricting in any way. Good quality	 and better than I expected given the low price.	review_date"
"This fit flawlessly it鈥檚 stunning in person	review_date"
"Wow !! Good quality 	 fast shipping and looks the same as the picture.. fits perfect	review_date"
"Very sexy top I love it	review_date"
"I ordered a size up as suggested. It was too big and I鈥檓 a heavy chested girl. I wore it as a shirt for my bday. (Ikr) it鈥檚 cute tho	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful!!! its so flattering in the tummy area	 gives you a waist. I LOVE IT!! i want it in all the colors.	review_date"
"Awesome quality and great price! Never know when ordering online but I am so pleased!	review_date"
"Just like the picture! I love it! And it fits good	review_date"
"Love this i ordered a. Red medium and it fit like a glove ! Very good materiel . highly reccomend:) going to be ordering in a different color :)	review_date"
"Love the color but rips very easily.	review_date"
"I love this product and it fits me so well.	review_date"
"Lovely peice	 fits like a glove!	review_date"
"Slightly more see through then I expected but it is beautiful	review_date"
"Just like the Victorias secret one I purchased! Love it	review_date"
"It was perfect!	review_date"
"Awesome fit! So sexy	review_date"
"Great presentation 	 good equation between price and quality...	review_date"
"Beautiful piece!	review_date"
"This was great	 loved it!	review_date"
"The material is so soft!	review_date"
"Loved it. Fits great and very Beautiful.	review_date"
"Beautiful I love it!!!!	review_date"
"So cute!!!!!!	review_date"
"Be easy on the fabric	 it鈥檚 a bit delicate	 but definitely a cute piece.	review_date"
"I love how it fit	review_date"
"One of the most sexy lingerie! Color green is beautiful. It curves nicely on your body. Love the sleeve lace.	review_date"
"Ordered a medium	 being a medium on bottom and a small on top i had to make some alterations to snug up the top so it fits as expected. The crotch is very narrow so shaved is the only way to go if you do not want hair showing.	review_date"
"I did not try the product on for obvious sanitation reasons. As beautiful as it was	 it was way too sheer and thin	 as if it would tear easily	review_date"
"Only ok	review_date"
"super sexy but disproportionate. the arms were too long and slightly loose where ass the waste line just barelllyyyy fit (i ordered 1 size up and it was still small).	review_date"
"I love it. Fits perfectly	 and looks beautiful on the body.	review_date"
"It arrived with 2 holes in it. The fit was weird. The torso was too short but the sleeves were meant for someone with thicker arms. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 135 pounds. I鈥檓 kind of just average. I normally wear smalls but based on reviews I ordered this in a medium. I could have made the fit work	 I suppose	 had it not had holes in it. Wouldn鈥檛 recommend. Packaging was also severely damaged upon arrival.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful pieces	 but please be warned	 if you have a tummy	 gut	 stomach or anything that protrudes	 this is not flattering for women with extra. The leg/hip area is very high	 almost cut all the way to the waist.  Unless you are super comfortable in your skin then this is for you. There鈥檚 no support in this for anything so don鈥檛 buy thinking there will be. For reference I wear a size 12	 36dd	40	34	42	 5鈥? 180lb.	review_date"
"I bought this to go under a sleeveless dress that has really low cut arm holes/sides. It鈥檚 the perfect green for what I need. It鈥檚 definitely more forest green than olive. Fits loosely. I could have gone down a size. But I鈥檓 okay with being a touch loose for my purpose. Very beautiful! Crotch is snapless. I am going to cut the crotch and add snaps for easy use while out and about.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece!!! I love it. I only gave 4 stars because the v in chest is very wide and since it is lace your breast will come out if you bend over but I guess if you wear it in the bedroom that is okay. One could use glue to fix this issue. It is so sexy	 the lace is amazing!! For those who are bold this would be amazing to wear with a great pencil skirt out and about. The lace in the products this comapny sells is SO pretty and sexy!!! I have already recommended to several friends	review_date"
"I absolutely loooved this suit. I鈥檓 a 34D and I believe I ordered a small. There were buttons that snapped at the crotch	 and the straps are adjustable. The chest area doesn鈥檛 have a lining or pads	 so your nipples will kind of show but it wasn鈥檛 aggressively showing. Also	 the suit is rather stretchy	 in a good way. No complaints at all. I paired the suit with some lace pants that I got from amazon as well.	review_date"
"Love it !	review_date"
"This is exactly what I鈥檝e been looking for and for half the price that anyone else sells it for. The sizing seems a little off considering that I wear a 34-36D/DD depending on the retailer but that still classified as a large according to the bust  size chart. The torso and lower half fit perfectly	 just the bra section was off. I got it to look decent with my outfit but I had to wear 鈥榩ush up鈥?pasties to get the bodysuit to stay in place.	review_date"
"This is so cute and the body fits as expected for asian size large but dang can y'all put some fabric on the breast cups part because that part is a small.	review_date"
"Beautiful but see through. Will be wearing a black bra underneath. It doesn鈥檛 stretch much and had to wiggle to get in. But I鈥檓 keeping it bc it鈥檚 so pretty. Order a size up. I鈥檓 4鈥?1 and 135lbs got the small. Medium would of been a better fit	review_date"
"It actually fits nicer than I thought. I鈥檓 a 32DDD and ordered a medium. It fit better than I thought being that I have a small frame with a large bust area. I wore silicone nipple covers underneath.	review_date"
"I loved the fit. I鈥檓 a 36DDD and purchased the large And it fit exactly how I wanted it to. Granted	 my tatas could鈥檝e been a little more covered up but I didn鈥檛 mind. I gave it 4 stars because it had a tiny hole on the lace part. Other than that I love it.	review_date"
"Very sexy lace bodysuit! You can dress it up or dress it down.	review_date"
"LoveFMOI:AieshaJadeXo	review_date"
"My boobs was too big for the bodysuit but I made it work. I wore nipple covers because it is lace!	review_date"
"I have a love/hate relationship with this item.  Let me just say that it absolutely beautiful!!!!!  But.... I wore it while I was out in NYC and the underwire just popped out randomly on the right side!!!!  Beyond embarrassing!!!  And then	 while having the item dry cleaned the second wire came out!  I purchased two of these (black and white color) and the black one is completely fell apart on me ): I haven't worn the white one and I don't know if I should keep it because I'm scared of the same thing happening	 it was so embarrassing.  It's unfortunate because it's so beautiful otherwise!	review_date"
"Looooove the fit and quality. I am 5'2 173lb	 usually wear  a large and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Overall	 for what you pay it's not a bad product. My main issue is the length of the garment and the boobs. It seems like it was made for someone with a very short torso and a smaller chest. I'm 5'5	 in decent enough shape	 and wear a 32DD from VC. I ordered a medium and the underwire stopped about 3in from the bottom of my boob. After getting it as far up as I could	 it was probably only an inch away	 but no matter what I have a \double boob\"" while wearing it. It makes me look like my boobs are farther down my chest than they are because of these factors	 which no one wants. Also there was a small hole in the lower mesh	 but that's not the biggest deal in the world. It doesn't stretch anywhere except the straps.I bought this to surprise my long distance boyfriend	 and am probably still going to wear it. It looks good enough at first glance and if anything we can both laugh about the boob situation.TLDR"
Def cheap feeling but I liked it better on than some more expensive ones. I tore the ugly little rhinestone off too. My husband likes it. Men don鈥檛 know expensive lingerie and they really aren鈥檛 concerned with the material 
"This is beautiful and for great. However! It left black dye all over my Egyptian cotton sheets and duvet costing me hundreds of dollars! I didn鈥檛 wash prior to wearing (not that that was even recommended) I lay on my bed which left large deep purple stains from the dye! My husband was pissed lol. I never shop from amazon for lingerie but was given a gift card and thought why not. BIG mistake and I will only shop at Victoria鈥檚 Secret and Intimissimi from now on! If you looking to save bucks ordering this isn鈥檛 the way to do it. This will ruin anything it touches.	review_date"
"this item looked exactly like the picture. however it ran a bit large	 one thing i really liked about the item was the adjustable straps on the shoulders and the one on the back. however i did not like that it didnt snap at the bottom between the legs like normal body suits. that may have helped with the fit. overall nice item i sent mines back for a small.	review_date"
"If I could give this one star	 I would. I am 5'8\	 140 lb and ordered a medium. I wanted to wear it with high-waisted black jeans and a cardigan or an outfit similar. Pulling it up (not struggling/pulling hard to pull it up	 might I add) the straps popped loose on one side. I tried to fix it with a safety pin but then it happened on ALL FOUR SEAMS where the straps attached. I don't know why the manufacturers wasted time and money in this design. I had it returned within 3 hours of opening the package and requested/received a full refund.""	review_date"
"This one piece is super cute. You definitely need to wear pasties with this! I'm 5'2 and weigh 130lbs I got a size Medium and it fit. It fits my body just right but when I take it off I get scared that it might tear when I'm lifting it over my head so I have to do it slowly and carefully. I cant slide it down my bottom because of my thighs.Maybe a large would have been better but I have a size B chest and I didn't want it too look too big up top. But other than that I don't mind the fit!	review_date"
"I read all the other reviews while trying to pick what size to get. I am 5鈥?	 135lbs	 and have 34B boobs so I picked a medium. It was way too small on me. I couldn鈥檛 even step into it and get it around my butt. I put it over my head instead which was still a struggle. I got it on but i barely covered the upper half of my body which is saying something bc my torso is short while my legs are long. To be able to fit into it i鈥檇 have to stretch it a lot (which it doesn鈥檛 stretch) and also have no butt. There is no way I can get it buttoned at the bottom with a medium.	review_date"
"it鈥檚 a beautiful piece	 but the underwire has NO support \u0026 is placed in such a weird spot. i鈥檓 110 pounds	 5鈥?	 and an A cup in bras: i ordered the black \u0026 white ones in small	 i might even be a medium	 \u0026 the wire seems to sit directly in the middle of my boob. yes there are adjustable straps	 but the wire never actually goes under your boobs to push it up. i鈥檓 also pretty upset that they sent me the wrong one after i had sat there on my phone for the longest time trying to choose which one i wanted	 not knowing that i鈥檇 end up with the exact opposite.	review_date"
"This is gorgeous! It looks exactly like the picture. I turned it into an outfit by using nipple petals on the top with high waisted pants and a furry coat. Would also make great lingerie without! Great buy!!	review_date"
"Mine came in perfect condition and shipped really fast! BUT this will be up your butt if you have a longer torso. Wouldn鈥檛 even reach my boobs unless I pulled it up ALL the way up. Really cute though if you鈥檙e comfortable with that. I even unbutton the snaps if I鈥檓 wearing tight pants overtop	 makes it more comfortable to wear and keeps it from buldging up. I wear mine with a bra and it still looks good.	review_date"
"If you鈥檙e any taller than 5鈥?鈥?this won鈥檛 fit you. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and weigh 120lbs. I originally bought a small	 except it was too short. So	 I returned it for a medium and it鈥檚 still 3 inches too short and now too loose in the stomach. I can鈥檛 even button it. Also	 the top	 in the chest areas is sewn weird and inconsistent. One boob looks different than the other. It鈥檚 like they didn鈥檛 even try.	review_date"
"This bodysuit is cute ay first glance and looked exactly like the picture but it was way too small. I used the size chart for reference and ordered a small	 which was fine until I went to take it off. It is not stretchy whatsoever and the bra area is especially tight. When I took it off I realized that the black dye had rubbed off onto my skin and made me whole body look bruised. The underwire also ripped through the fabric and fell out within a few hours of putting it on. If you purchase this I definitely recommend going two sizes up and buying it in white.	review_date"
"Wow	 I've had a hard time finding something like this that fits me in the chest area (32DD). I read a few reviews to try to indicate which size would best fit my bust and the medium was perfect. Fits well everywhere else as well! Solid purchase for a great price.	review_date"
"I like the overall piece	 fit as expected but lacked craftsmanship	 was not sewn well. Threads cok No undone	 and mismatched ends. For the price I think it should have been a lot less. Prob won鈥檛 last a few wears.	review_date"
"Loved it...bought an xl and I'm 200 lbs....its so sexy!!!	review_date"
"Was very excited to receive this item but it was different than my expectations. I am a size small usually in everything but this did not fit. I also was not expecting to have a black bow between the breast鈥檚.Perhaps it just wasn鈥檛 for my body it was too short to be buttoned and not very tight on my waist. I鈥檓 around 5鈥? size 25 waist and around 125 lbs.Cute lingerie	 I was just not expecting the bow and I wanted to wear it out. Wish it fit it was a bit longer.	review_date"
"At first glance it is gorgeous and exactly what i was looking for.  After wearing it for 10mins	 I realized the cups would not stay in place and the underwire had already pushed through the fabric.  Very disappointing and a very poorly made garment.	review_date"
"Wow I love this and was so nervous to order! I'm 130 lbs and 5'3 and ordered a medium. I have 34dd bra and was so surprised the chest part fit. I  consider myself short so I was suprised when I couldnt button the crotch but after adjusting length of shoulder straps it was perfect	review_date"
"At first I opened this and was surprised how nice it looked with metal claps and such rather than plastic. However	 once I tried it on	 it was so bad. The lace is of terrible quality	 very itchy and had no stretch at all. The torso length was also way to small as well as the bottom part. When I looked closer	 the lace pattern is not even symmetrical. I will be returning this.	review_date"
"Really nice. I wore a size small. I would advise purchasing flesh colored pasties so that the nips don鈥檛 show. Only reason for not giving it a 5 star rating: I found that one of the underwires started sticking out before my night began. I just stuck it back in everytime it started coming out.	review_date"
"Cute but had a hole in it. I still wore it with a blazer. You get what you pay for! But i got a lot of compliments. Wore a black lace bra underneath. I got a small and it fit fine	 I鈥檓 a 36c and I wear a 4 in bottoms.	review_date"
"For fitting reference	 I am a 38 C	 and the largest size still did not fit	 I kind of expected that so I am not disappointed because the price was so low.	review_date"
"Lovvvvveeeeeeee. Exactly as pictured perfect for lingerie or paired with jeans!	review_date"
"The bodysuit was very nice and the material did not feel cheap. I like it and would not mind purchasing it in black as well.	review_date"
"Exactly what I was looking for at the price. It鈥檚 really translucent so you will need covers unless your going for that look. I鈥檓 a size DD 5鈥? 175lbs and a large fit perfectly	review_date"
"It looks beautiful!! However	 I'm 5'5 120 lbs so I got a small the issue I had with the small was the cup was too small for my boobs and the bottom part was too big	review_date"
"聽I small small breastso this fit perfect to me.	review_date"
"I am 5'3\ 130lbs I bought a small one it fit fine.""	review_date"
"Gorgeous! Not see through! Nude under cloth. Great fit	 quality	 price	 fast ship. Thanks.	review_date"
"boob are is kind of weird and feels like its made for a short torso. material is nice though and delicate. just wish the torso was longer	review_date"
"Breast area is 100% see through. I had to wear sticky boobs under it to keep my full boobs from being exposed. Cheap material but cute style.	review_date"
"The cup sizes were to small for the body of the material. I have tiny boobs too. But it is pretty!	review_date"
"Sexy once it鈥檚 on	 but as other users have said it has NO stretch to it so it鈥檚 a struggle. I鈥檓 5鈥? 120 lbs and got a small which fit perfectly... after the struggle to get it around my hips. For the price it鈥檚 great to wear a few times but I wouldnt expect a long time of use	review_date"
"I鈥檓 in love with this piece	 made me feel so sexy! Looks so good under a black mesh top!	review_date"
"I loved it a lot. I got a size large and it fit me good. I weigh 145 b cup size and it fit good on me. I liked the materials good	review_date"
"It looks just like in the picture but it fits too small. 馃様	review_date"
"This bodysuit is soooo cute. Be prepared to buy some pasties if you want to wear this out and about. I received my bodysuit with the underwire already sticking out. I didn't bother returning it because A. I bought it for a specific event and B. I didn't have time to return it. Other than that	 I would've given it 5 stars. It's cute and comfortable.	review_date"
"A little short for long waisted people	 but very sexy.	review_date"
"This bodysuit looked amazing on-wore it in a boudoir photo shoot. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 130lbs and ordered a medium.	review_date"
"Very sexy!  Looks just like the photo	review_date"
"It鈥檚 teally pretty	 but the cups were too small for me. And the under wire gave no support.	review_date"
"i was a little worried about order this but im so happy i did it fits great and material is better than expected	review_date"
"Came with a hole useless to tight	review_date"
"I really like this piece! It's cute and flattering. I would size up because the torso fits pretty short on me and I am not very long waisted so if you are in between sizes I would go up.	review_date"
"So the bodysuit itself is really cute however this is made for someone with a very short torso. I had to remove the snap buttons and add on more fabric so I could close it.	review_date"
"I really had to return this product is it true to Size and does not stretch	review_date"
"Fast shipping.. I got a lot of compliments too.. super cute!!	review_date"
"Good quality.  Very pretty piece!	review_date"
"Fit well	review_date"
"Nice material however to small	review_date"
"Love the lace and design on this	 looks amazing on as well!Did have issues with the underwire. When I took it out of the packaging the wire was already pushed through on one side and looks like the second side is not too far off from doing the same.	review_date"
"This is a great and super sexy bodysuit. Read the measurements on the posted size chart. Measure your own body. Order accordingly.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very sexy! I鈥檓 already pregnant	review_date"
"Way too small. My boobs are squished popping out	review_date"
"Wore a bra underneath5'5 140lbs..ordered small	review_date"
"Soft and smooth. Nice product. Feels really good. Perfectly fit.	review_date"
"Awesome for the price	review_date"
"I LOVE this product but I ordered it tooooo big because I was scared of it running small and sized up! BAD IDEA! I'm 200 and Ds and a large would have been good!!!!! Not a 2XBut my man loves it lol	 gonna be ordering again	review_date"
"Ordered this same product in XXL black and it fit perfectly. Decided to get it and white and it was entirely too small. Tag says XXL	but it has to be like small or medium	review_date"
"Sized for midgets	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very cute overall	 if your debating on whether to get it or not	 I say go for it. for the price its worth it. The straps are adjustable which is a plus. it doesn't have a snap closure	 so i just DIY that my self to make it fit me more.	review_date"
"The bodysuit was exactly as described . The fit is decent I just wish the cups fit slightly better. If you are busy please consider going up a size maybe even two. I plan on purchasing the white soon.	review_date"
"Bought this bodysuit and loved it unfortunately it came with the wire bars popping out and a small hole. So sad because this bodysuit fits like a glove. Normally a small and the small hugs your body perfect but sad mine came unwearable.	review_date"
"Nice was just a bit thin	review_date"
"It鈥檚 looks pretty I鈥檒l give it that. But. It doesn鈥檛 fit my torso well. I should have gotten a medium but the looks of it then it wouldn鈥檛 fit my boobs well.	review_date"
"I read some review before i purchased this lingerie	  So I decided to buy a medium size	 I usually wear small size. fit me perfectly. review suggestion is correct	 need order  one size up.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a little hard tough to put on since it doesn鈥檛 stretch but once it鈥檚 on it鈥檚 lovely	review_date"
"It was very cute but also very thin	 be careful when you're putting it on	 it got a tear as soon as I put it on. I'm 5'4	 142 Ibs	 with a 34 bust size I got medium. It fit fine.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?130lbs and 34C. I ordered a M and it wasn鈥檛 long enough for my torso. I thought it was really pretty so I鈥檓 returing it and ordering a L. Hopefully it鈥檒l fit.	review_date"
"This lingerie is HOT. My husband adores it and so do I. It has adjustable straps on the front and the back side.	review_date"
"Let me tell you how cute this is!! I love it! I try to wear it every chance I get. I wear a 36C and a Medium was perfect.	review_date"
"The actual fit of the bodysuit was fine	 but the lace is extremely cheap feeling/looking and I didn鈥檛 even wear it once before I wanted to return it.	review_date"
"The cups don鈥檛 line up well. And the torso is too short for a normal body	review_date"
"Not stretchy enough	 too small	review_date"
"I got this in a small and I鈥檓 about 5鈥? and weigh 130 and it came in super cute just like this picture	 but it was a bit hard to get around the upper thigh area. Other than that its nice.	review_date"
"Not the greatest quality but for the price it's expected.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 stretchy	 but it does run a bit small. I鈥檇 recommend getting a size larger than you鈥檇 normally wear. The cups in particular are very tight	review_date"
"This is the first review I have ever written... I received this order late and it isn鈥檛 even the right thing! It does not look like anything in the photo.. it is white lace but NOT a bodysuit.. it鈥檚 a bra and underwear in white lace	 but NOT a bodysuit.. very upset.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a very sexy bodysuit. Nipples can be seen through the material but you can get nipples covers to help. I鈥檓 a size 32d and an 11 in pants. So I got a size large.	review_date"
"Cute	 I read some review and decided to buy one size up. fit perfectly. this bodysuit looked exactly like the picture	  I like the adjustable straps on the shoulders and the one on the back.	review_date"
"Cute lingerie body suit. All see through. Fits well	 but was a bit tight with the back strap. The back strap is unadjustable so I couldn't make it looser.	review_date"
"Bought for Halloween and it worked fine. Ripped at the seam of the frill and a little small. Tried to wear out on a later date and it just looked like a costume. Ok	review_date"
"I am 100 lbs and 5鈥? and the small fits me  perfectly!!! I am also a D cup	review_date"
"Not anything like the pictures will make your boobs sag west and east	review_date"
"True to size fit came in a reasonable time	review_date"
"It fits the description	 looks good. I just received this item. When I opened the package the strap was broken	review_date"
"I am a consistent size small but this piece seemed to fit too small. Does not work as a body suit since it is too short to button	 even though I am only 5'5\.""	review_date"
"Oh my gosh	 this is so cute. I wear a 34C bra and I鈥檓 129 lbs and the medium fits perfect! Pretty design and comfortable while still feeling sexy.	review_date"
"I guess it's made for midgets? Didn't even fit the length of my torso.	review_date"
"I found the product/material low quality. Also	 ordered a large and it was more like an xxl I think	 the item wa definitely larger then expected.	review_date"
"So sexy! Wore it with jeans for date night. Perfect. Quality could be a little better but for the price it was great.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but too small :( I usually wear S or xS and I ordered small and it was too small I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 115 so yeah...	review_date"
"Not as described! The bodysuit I received is not like the picture	 the lace is different and the bottom is a lot more high cut. I鈥檓 5鈥? and somehow it was too short for my torso!	review_date"
"Fits very nicely	review_date"
"Bring very good time for me	 I like the style and design of this teddy lingerie.  And the adjustable straps perfect! It fits me very well.  Honestly such a beautiful lingerie!!	review_date"
Buyer beware.. though this item fit well through the cup size and waist it was extremely short through the torso. Then I saw that it was shipped from Korea
"The underwire keeps coming out.	review_date"
"the back was baggy...didnt fit fitted to the body.	review_date"
"Love this teddy. I'm a 36D and I got a large	 it fit just right. This lingerie is very good and help me shape my body	review_date"
"I wear a size small but it fits more like a extra small	review_date"
"I wear a 32C and a size medium fitted me perfectly. Very see through	 but I will order another again.	review_date"
"Yes loved the Hollow women's out lace was comfortable	review_date"
"Order one size up !!  I got medium 	 a bit tight. but I usually wear medium size.  The pattern is so cute	review_date"
"The cup sizes are different. Other then that it fit as expected. Due to the defect it will be sent back.	review_date"
"Sizing was spot on. Lace is beautiful and comfortable. Lots of adjustment points	review_date"
"Bought this as a gift for a bridal shower. The teddy is sheer and the lace is soft. It has underwire which is nice.	review_date"
"Stunning but straps broke very fast maybe were to ruff	review_date"
"runs a tad small in thong area鈥?underwire in bra does not support but it鈥檚 beautiful	review_date"
"It was too big but I got it fixed 	 ordered a medium should鈥檝e ordered a small but either way  馃槏 I still love it	review_date"
"It is cute but fits small and short that it hurts.. Im 34 b \u0026 it is somehow tight	review_date"
"product fits very well im excited to wear it for my ladies night .	review_date"
"It is very sheer	 no padding	  but so feminine and chic. Recieved so many compliments on this body suit	review_date"
"Bought for my gf	 normally she's a large but the large was 3 sizes to small	review_date"
"The torso part of this was way too small for my body. Would fit someone better who is 5鈥?not 5鈥?鈥?	review_date:February 14	 2019""	star"
"I always leave reviews because that's why I look for when buying and this item fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Fit perfect! So cute	 got so many compliments when I wore it out with a jean skirt	review_date"
"Runs large and the crystal is only glued on.	review_date"
"The cups could be more sturdy. Thats the onky complaint. I got a large and iam 5'9. 180	review_date"
"I Loved it	review_date"
"Super cute but a bit small for my cup size	review_date"
"Absolutely loved it	 it fit perfect!!	review_date"
"I look like a Victoria secret model in this piece!	review_date"
"This bodysuit is garbage. Very poorly constructed	 not true to size and cheap material.	review_date"
"Very cute!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 nice and exactly like the photo	 just don鈥檛 know how to wash it... meaning I鈥檓 not sure if i should dry clean it or just machine wash. I鈥檓 36 DD and it fits but there鈥檚 just not a lot of support but still very cute.	review_date"
"The lace is so thin that it ripped upon trying on.	review_date"
"The cup was waaaayyy to small. I have larger breasts and I toppled over	review_date"
"馃憣馃徎	review_date"
"S/M doesn鈥檛 fit someone who鈥檚 small it鈥檚 huge!!It鈥檚 okay material 	 looks like the pic.	review_date"
"I Love The Lace And The Cut But I Wish It Was Make To Support Ladies With Double DDs And Long Torsos	review_date"
"Perfecto	review_date"
"way too small	review_date"
"It fit well	 and straps were adjustable.	review_date"
"Love it! Really good material!! And SEXYYYYY LADIES!!!!	review_date"
"Not the same as the picture	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit my torso	review_date"
"Too cute! Very stretchy! Love it!	review_date"
"Ordered medium and received an extra large	review_date"
"Everywhere but the boobs fits.	review_date"
"fits perfectly	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Rips and holes in fabric	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"I was disappointing that the lace was off-center. The floral part of the lace was more on the right cup	 and the stripes were mainly in the center	 but since it is typically on the cups	 it was obvious that everything was off- especially when it's on.(see pics) I gave it 2 star since it did fit well. I'm 5'5\ 128lb and 36C.  I'm actually debating if I should try re-ordering after I return	 but hope they can do a quality check before sending.""	review_date"
"I feel like lingerie is hard to buy without seeing it in person. Most I wear smalls I鈥檓 but this was too small. I can squeeze into it	 but it鈥檚 not comfortable. Go a size up to be safe	review_date"
"I just purchased this item	 and upon trying it on	 I noticed there is a three inch gap where the fabric is not joined along the seam.  Very disappointing.	review_date"
"Love it! A little small but still cute 馃槏	review_date"
"bought this to wear to a lingerie party last weekend and it was perfect ! wore it with some leather pants and high top boots and it looked great	review_date"
"Exactly what is shown in the picture. Really great quality for the priceLife needs some luck and a little surprise	 as a man who only knows how to exercise and only knows how to feed his family.  I am trying to buy a lace teddy bodysuit for a gift to my girlfriend for the third anniversary of Love.This Lace is very pretty	 so soft and comfortable when you touch it	 my girlfriend 5鈥?鈥?and about 120 lbs	 I sized up to a medium and it fit very perfect. Beautiful design and flowers on the top to highlight your figure. The shoulder straps are adjustable and every detail of the clothes is well stitched. Btw	 this one piece babydoll won't be exposed even if you don't wear a bra. Enjoyed the top of the outfit and Bring a surprise in your life.	review_date"
"聽Very cute and flattering! Good quality and Nice price. I love the feel of this material on	 felt like some fluttering snowflake is attached to the body. Looks exactly like picture. And i like this white fur is soft and cute	 and there will be a little fall off just want to create a better sex atmosphere. And the diamond buckle is a classic Christmas look. Back is cross strap that can be adjusted to your liking.  I鈥檓 saving it for our Christmas Couples Getaway in December. I absolutely love the little \u0026 clean packaging bag that comes with it. This would be a great gift for any special lady.This Christmas night is destined to be unforgettable.	review_date"
"I was most concerned about it being too loose	 I am 4鈥?鈥?and 100 lbs	 A-cup. The models always look so good filling these things out in all the right places and it鈥檚 hard to tell if my torso will be too short or the fabric will gap at my chest. This is a great fit though! I won a 鈥淏oudoir Photoshoot鈥?at a bridal show raffle and bought this as bridal lingerie for the photoshoot. Great quality for the price	 very soft and feels more expensive and silk-like than it is. The scalloped detailing is very pretty and flattering. It ends lower on my thigh than on the model because of height difference	 but still looks great. On the model the cut on the bottom  hits above the thigh but if you are shorter it will come down to your thigh/where a normal bathing suit would stop. Also came in a nice bag for storage in your drawers.	review_date"
"Well it certainly \got the job done\"" for reference I weigh about 135	 got the small and there was plenty of room. Keep in mind you'll likely not be wearing it long anyways so I wouldn't worry about the sizing all that much. Really was very cute and pretty good quality The Feathered part of the top was actually much thicker than I thought it would be sometimes these things tend to be a little thin and chincy but it was actually very nice worth the money for sure I would recommend it""	review_date"
"Super cute	 the material is surprisingly soft	 and it appears to be well-made with good stitching. The top fits as expected	 the bottoms are a little small	  BUT it appears the underwear does come in different sizing (as opposed to a one-size-fits-all)	 as the set I received both have tags that say XL on them. Hubby 100% approves of this lil number	 and I'll definitely be buying from this seller again.	review_date"
"Bought this to wear on Christmas eve for our first Christmas together after we got married. I came out and asked him if he \liked my Christmas pajamas\""	 and he LOVED it. Smiled ear to ear all night "
"Great quality.  Soft and the white fur is nice and fluffy.  I bought a medium even though I am a small as I am used to buying Victoria Secret but wasn't sure of the fit.  A medium flowed nicely on me.  I am 5'1 135lbs 36B.  This outfit does not have any lift for up top but works out fine for my small frame.  Way better price than big box stores selling lingerie and fit and felt the same.	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this!!! Immediately had to try it on because I was worried after reading reviews and the Q\u0026A鈥檚 that I needed to get a bigger size but the small fits perfectly. I鈥檓 140 pounds and a size 4 jeans but have a long waist and it still fits and feels great. This lace has no itch to it at all. It could be worn out or in the bedroom. I love the versatility!! Woohoo so excited about this!!!	review_date"
"This is really cute.  It fits as expected.  It is pretty and really cute on too.  I am very happy with this purchase.  I love the festive holiday look.  I am so glad I ordered this just in time for Christmas.  It would be a nice gift too.  I like how it comes packaged.	review_date"
"Sooooo this fit me much better than I expected. It was a little odd to learn how to put on because of the straps but I'm sure you can figure it out easily. I wear a size 16 and the XXL fit me like a dream	 no riding up and I didn't break the lace anywhere even through my fast outfit changes. Get this!!!	review_date"
"After trying on this teddy I just knew that I would love it. It fits in all the right ways and flatters every inch of my body. I love the red lace look and feel.	review_date"
"O ordered a xl ima size 16 this was amazing for my honeymoon	review_date"
"The top was large enough to fit correctly and it covers up just enough to not be super revealing. It's cute and sexy. The top so cute it stretches and fits. The panties are beautiful. I would buy again. the price very affordable. I'm very happy with my purchase! This is very nice lingerie just in time for the holiday. This is very sexy. looks good on those with a little extra. I had two kids and this looked nice on me. I liked that it was red that鈥檚 my favorite color. This sultry piece added much excitement and fun to my night. My husband seemed to like it and I loved the way it felt on me.Garment Care: Hand wash cold separately. Hang dry and don't machine washable. Do not tumble dry	 Do not bleach.	review_date"
"I am 110lbs and 5' 4\ so I went with a small. Fit perfect . Not tight. Not loose. I am always skeptical buying clothes of any kind online but I have no regrets here. It fits me skin tight but in a comfortable way. It looks sexy and cute. It is exactly what was advertised and I am glad I made the purchase.""	review_date"
"I came home and my husband had already opened the package and laid out this gorgeous teddy on the bed!  The material is incredibly soft and it fits perfectly!  I just want the straps a bit wider because my breasts are large	 but otherwise	 I adore it!  The feathers are such a cute	 sexy addition!  Just love it!	review_date"
"My husband ordered this for me and it was a waste of money. Pieces of feathers fell off constantly	 and when I washed it in cold water on the handwash cycle	 all the feather trim part came out looking destroyed. It was twisted and the plastic ends of the feather parts were showing and sticking out	 and it.f wasn't even all attached along the edges. After it hung dry it still didn't look good	 I will never wear it. I think this would have happened even if I had hand washed it in the sink. The whole thing is very poor quality which I could tell before it was washed	 and I should have returned it instead of even attempting to wash it.  For a Christmassy look in the future	 we will choose something with more of a fake white fur trim	 NOT feathers.	review_date"
"I love this outfit! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?110 lbs with a smaller bust and ordered a small and it fits perfectly. I鈥檓 assuming if you were up to 5鈥?鈥?or 5鈥?鈥?and 125-130 lbs the small would still fit because the fabric is very flexible. It is so comfy and so cute!	review_date"
"I love this little number!! I鈥檓 5鈥?1鈥? 150lb	 size 4	 34DD and my small is perfect. A medium would鈥檝e worked well if you prefer a bit looser fit. Totally adjustable for height	 which is one of the main reasons I ordered it because I鈥檓 so tall! The lace is buttery soft	 so sweet \u0026 comfy. Pulls the 鈥済irls鈥?in just enough to perk them up \u0026 omg the shape on the booty... yes. I don鈥檛 have much of one	 so the high cut with the scalloped edges is SO perfect. New favorite for sure. 馃枻	review_date"
"This is a very softly see sexy garment. I love the material I was afraid it would be a little scratchy but when I put it on it鈥檚 so smooth and comfortable wearing nothing. It鈥檚 a well-made and it washes really well. I did use a hand wash cycle because I was afraid to put into the regular wash. But it fits well and if feels good  and I鈥檓 really glad I bought it	review_date"
"I love this! Very comfy lace	 not scratchy and really nicely made. Love the adjustable straps. There is no support for up top but honestly looks really good. This outsfit fits perfect and makes me feel sexy	 I can鈥檛 wait to surprise my beloved one for Christmas.	review_date"
"This makes your husbands best Christmas present. Super cute and fits great! Looks even better when you put it on. I can never figure out what to get for my husband when comes time for gifts	 but this is perfect. Spice it up ladies!	review_date"
"Love it! It's so sexy and feels really good on the skin	 quality material.  I'm so happy with this buy	 will get more!	review_date"
"Fit was great	 I鈥檓 normally a XL and XL fit great. I love the black belt on this for the little bit of support because it makes the girls look amazing! My boyfriend loved it! Unfortunately after using it once the white fluffy part above the chest was coming off a bit	 but that鈥檚 why I buy cheap lingerie so it鈥檚 always something new! I would definitely recommend beyond that!	review_date"
"Fits perfect will buy more. I鈥檓 130 lbs. 5鈥? and got this in a small. Hugs my curves perfectly.	review_date"
"This is very cute. I鈥檓 42 and have given birth to 6 kids. I know you鈥檙e thinking why would she be wearing this? I鈥檓 in pretty good shape but after having so many children the skin on my stomach is stretched and sticks out. That鈥檚 what I Love about this! It hangs from just under your ribs so if you do have a little 鈥渂aby fat鈥?or belly it hides it well. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 115 lbs. the size small fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Bought this for my friend for her bachelorette party \u0026 was surprised by how soft/nice \u0026 stretchy the fabric was for the price! Also surprised with how fast shipping was	 I got it about 6 days after I ordered. If you're on the fence with sizing	 I would err on the side of getting a larger size. Super cute though - might have to get one for myself!	review_date"
"Wowza!  I got my sexy little Santa outfit in the mail last week and can鈥檛 wait to put it on for my husband!  It is lightweight and super cute!  Great surprise for the holidays!! 馃槈	review_date"
"It鈥檚 stretchy so it鈥檚 a good fit. I was worried it鈥檇 be too big or too small but there鈥檚 a good amount of wiggle room.	review_date"
"Really soft lace not itchy at all! Would order again.	review_date"
"This is so cute and well made. I wasn鈥檛 expecting something so well made for the price but am pleasantly surprised.  I might use this more than just at Christmas time :)	review_date"
"This item literally didn鈥檛 look anything like the picture. You can鈥檛 even see the straps there鈥檚 just a big place going all the way to my shoulder. And they sent me two of them. I am 5 feet tall I think this is for somebody who is 5 foot five or over. I am also 100 pounds	review_date"
"I love the fit of this lace babydoll. I am relatively heavy chested (DD) for my frame. Typically I buy size medium clothes for myself and I bought medium in this babydoll. It fits well	 slightly covers my midsection which I am self conscious of	 and still looks sexy.	review_date"
"Super nice for the most part big girl friendly.This is worth what you paid 馃榿 Makes you feel very Sexy!	review_date"
"Super cute! Fit well and it is very sexy. Must buy	review_date"
"This is super cute. I鈥檓 saving it for our Christmas Couples Getaway in December. I absolutely love the little bag that comes with it. This would be a great gift for any special lady.	review_date"
"I was afraid the lace detail might not have enough stretch but i was wrong	 it stretches great and the lingerie isn't itchy. I followed the size guide and it fits jusy like it said it would. The white furry details are super cute and fluffy. I honestly love this christmas babydoll lingerie and i'm excited to wear it for my husband! It fits PERFECTLY and the G strong is a nice touch.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 170lbs and an xl worked perfectly.	review_date"
"I love this teddy! It鈥檚 so cute and soft. Looking forward to wearing it!馃槉	review_date"
"This really was adorable and my husband was extremely happy to agree	 but after wearing for a few minutes (maybe a little longer) the white fur started to come off. Other than that everything else was great and well received.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Good sitting.	review_date"
"Love this piece	 looks sexy	 I got a xxl and I鈥檓 a size 18/20.	review_date"
"Super sexyyy5鈥?鈥?140lbs	 C or D cup fits medium well.	review_date"
"Soft and sexy. Guess I will be naughty and nice	 at the same time. 馃槝	review_date"
"Absolutely love it fits perfectly	 and is extremely comfortable. It just looks and feels amazing. The only thing I don鈥檛 like is the thong	 because of how it changes the hole size for ur legs when you鈥檙e trying to get it on. Other than that this product is a 10/10 love it!	review_date"
Super cute! Fits great! Might have to give my boyfriend an early Christmas gift (
"It was cut out way too high on the sides  from the bottom and the part that covers u privates was way too narrow almost like a thong but in the front. Otherwisw it could have been nice fit	review_date"
"fits well	 my bust is a little large for it though. super comfy	 the straps are a little flimsy but not too bad.  ordered purple and it beautiful.	review_date"
"Loved the way it looked. Very sexy. Used it as lingerie and with jeans	 perfect both way.	review_date"
"I'm 5'1\ 115lbs 32D and the small fits me really well! Super flattering lingerie. I put a cute black bra underneath and will wear this out at night with some cute high waisted jeans! Love this!""	review_date"
"I have had such great luck with everything else I have bought from this company. I thought what a great addition. Looking forward to wearing it	review_date"
"Fits perfect. Im very suprise	review_date"
"Fit as expected great color	review_date"
"The product was exactly as pictured. The only downfall was that it didn鈥檛 fit as snug on me as it does on the model shown. I鈥檓 a little more petite (5鈥? 110 lbs) and not as curvy so an XS would of been perfect for me.Nonetheless	 still happy with it.	review_date"
"Received this item and as you should with all lingerie before you wear it	 I washed it. Following the instructions on the tag for delicate cycle. Feathers came out a mangled tangled mess. Will have to cut that part off in order to wear it now. The tag should say hand wash only as it is now pretty much ruined.	review_date"
"Great quality for the price. I mean	 its no La Perla but it was perfect for what I wanted. I'd recommend it to a friend.	review_date"
"I love this!!! It is incredibly flattering on	 the lace up and ties give it a custom fit. Feathers and material are soft and great quality!	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?	 about 200 lbs and got the LG. It fit perfectly! I wore it under a low plunge dress as you can see for a Halloween costume.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 literally just lace with straps. There鈥檚 no barrier. No lining. Nothing. Not even in the crotch.	review_date"
"Made in China. Way to small.	review_date"
"This is very cute as other reviewers have said but it is also very short. Knowing this is meant to be quite short I expected so but this does not even look like a dress length but rather a shirt.	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect n material is great	review_date"
"Fit ok	 too small in the bust but can make it work. It's cute though and quality seems good	review_date"
"I really love this bodysuit! The material is so soft and it looks very sexy! Definitely a good purchase	 specially considering the price!	review_date"
"Product is beautiful and well made.  Fit well and looks great!  Highly recommend if you want to feel sexy!	review_date"
"I really like this teddy. It looks exactly as it does in the photo. The lace is rather oft and it fits me very well. It is delicate	 so handle with care.You will love it and I am glad I decided to buy it.	review_date"
The boyfriend loovveeed this Christmas surprise 
"聽perfect fit	review_date"
"Super sexy! Makes me feel twenty time hotter when it鈥檚 on and my SO hasn鈥檛 complained lol	review_date"
"Great for priceOnly down side is it鈥檚 not as fluffy as expected	review_date"
"Very cheap....lace was seperating from main body.  Very poor.	review_date"
"I love this sexy little piece - and my boyfriend did	 as well (which is all that really matters). It鈥檚 well made and fits me perfectly. I ordered a small. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 130 lbs.	review_date"
"I love it	 and so does my fianc茅. It is comfortable and cute. Ordered an xl to fit my breast	 and most the time thats all it fits. Very happy with this purchase	review_date"
"Honestly I thought this product would suck and I would be disappointed in amazon and online clothes... but this product is amazing and it fits and I feel amazing in it.	review_date"
"Material was ok. Returned because it didnt fit very well.	review_date"
"Lovely!	review_date"
"This item was too short. It fit like a shirt and didn't come down far enough.	review_date"
"Let me tell you! I am in love with this sexy santa! Its sooo much softer and cuter than I anticipated it being. It fits perfectly	 felt great	 and made me feel very sexy! Totally worth the money!	review_date"
"Did not fit correctly and very small.	review_date"
"Great quality and soft material 鉂わ笍鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"cute	 cute and sexy.  What else needs to be said?	review_date"
"I absolutely love this.It is made out of soft materials.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"This lingerie is gorgeous! Looks just like the picture. I am 5'3 and 225 and I ordered a XXL and it fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Fiance looks great in it. She loves it.	review_date"
"The strap popped very easy	 poor material!	review_date"
"Great sexy outfit for the holidays and my Santa	review_date"
"I am very happy with this purchase.  Very well made and beautiful fabric.  Got it to surprise my guy with for Valentine's day.  I think he'll be very happy to see me.	review_date"
"HE LOVED IT!	review_date"
"I love this teddy! It is extremely soft and comfortable. I can fit a small shirt but I have a long Torso so I chose a medium	 It fits great. The quality is great and I love the texture !	review_date"
"Horrible. Same your money and get yourself quailty material. These looks and feels flimsy	review_date"
"Love the color and the fit! Very sexy!	review_date"
"Love how this body suit fits! Very stretchy material. Fits as expected! Can鈥檛 wait to wear it	review_date"
"Happy with the look.. no support or elasticity.	review_date"
"Fits great and looks fabulous even with a few extra pounds.	review_date"
"I love it !! it looks exactly like the picture. \u0026 it fits as expected. ( size medium 140 pounds 	 38 dd bust)	review_date"
"Cute piece but runs big and so it isn't the most flattering. Cheaply made	 scallops don't line up on the edge seams and it's beginning to fray	 but it's good enough for the price.	review_date"
"One strap is hanging on my a string \u0026 it鈥檚 too big. So disappointed	review_date"
"I wore it as a shirt	review_date"
"Very Sexy! I love love love this!	review_date"
"Cheap... got ruined in the wAsh even washed on gentle cycle.	review_date"
"I love everything about it!	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Fits really well	review_date"
"Very cute.  Surprisingly it fit as expected	review_date"
"This lace teddy is super soft and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Very nice I'm 5'5 200lbs and the xlg was a little on the big side but it worked  and held the girls up good !! . Don't hesitate order	review_date"
"It fits great	review_date"
"	review_date"
"Amazing! Fits very nicely. Very flattering	review_date"
"the white around the neck was not attached properly and looked cheap. there is absolutely no support for the breasts.	review_date"
"Hermoso	 solo que cuando lo lav茅 se manch贸.	review_date"
"It was too big on the breast area for me but it still looked really cute.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly but still has plenty of room for stretching! Very comfortable!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 not true to size	review_date"
"I love the quality!!	review_date"
"Really cute and fast delivery. Fits great鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Beautiful	 very sexy...my husband will love it. And it got here very fast	review_date"
"it fit perfectly	 and was very comfortable	review_date"
"My girlfriend loves it	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"馃憤馃徏	review_date"
"love this. the material is super soft and stretchy (maybe get a size down for a snug fit). it was really comfortable and my partner lovedit! !	review_date"
"Well I order this for a surprise for my wife but couldn't wait	 and told her to used it night	 it fit true size	 the material is really soft and not itchy	 excellent look! Is very Sexy too. And you can't beat the price. It came in a bag with a thong.	review_date"
"Not bad at all only problem was the time it took to get it off my lady	"
"It fit perfectly and was really cute	review_date"
"Wife loved this and I thought it looked good! I got a S and it fit her perect. Would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Thing stretches for days. I got the 14/16 and I'm ideally a size 18. Looks great	 too.	review_date"
"	review_date"
"As pictured. Tricky at first to figure out how to put it on	 but once I did figure it out	 it looked pretty good.It can stretch or shrink (in terms of length) in a broad range.There is enough material that it can be positioned to conceal some pudge	 and highlight other areas.	review_date"
"Looks great on my wife. The material is cheaper but it doesnt take away from the WOW factor. This outfit is best for women with larger chests.	review_date"
"It's very small out of the pkg. But the material does stretch a good bit	  but do be careful not 2 tear it. I'm 5'8\ lots of lbs n 18W curves	kmsl and it fit. Hubby loved it	 said it's his favorite so far. 馃""	review_date"
"If it's amazing very stretchy I'm 174 5 5 so if it will	review_date"
"First couldn't figure out how to put this on. The bottom and the top looked the same. Once I got it on it was nothing like the picture. Paid way to much for something tha looked and felt like a pair of pantyhose that had rips into it.	review_date"
"Husband  or boyfriend having a bad day then comes home just to be turned on.	review_date"
"I do not recommend. The material is poor quality and as a result it鈥檚 very see through and flimsy. (Almost like wearing pantie hose)	review_date"
"When I opened the package I thought 鈥業bwill be able to fit this on one thigh if I鈥檓 lucky鈥?..but I tried it on and it has incredible stretch. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 200lbs and 40ddd. Boyfriend hasn鈥檛 seen it on yet but I鈥檓 sure he鈥檒l like it.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Nothing bad too sat about this product.	review_date"
"My husband absolutely loves this on me. It's surprisingly comfy too! It should work for \plus size\"" ladies. I weigh 161 lbs at 5'2\""	 and I'm very happy with the way it fits. Did I mention my husband is too? "
"I can鈥檛 add a photo but it fit perfectly! Very sexy. Stretchy material.	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"馃憤	review_date"
"The sides ripped after the first wear. It was very badly stitched.	review_date"
"Omg love this skirt!! It looks great and feels sexy! The material seems like quality. I wore it a few times for parties and I have gotten a lot of compliments! It's just a little short but that's part of the fun! Regular panties or a thong is fine to wear under. Buy it!!	review_date"
"Love it! Very sexy!	review_date"
"this skirt is so cute. It fits me perfectly!!	review_date"
"The skirt just arrived	 took it straight out of the package and put it on	 though it鈥檚 a little wrinkled	 it fits perfectly! I鈥檓 normally a large	 purchased xl by following the chart- xl=us L. Definitely only for bedroom use but i feel super cute in it!	review_date"
"LOVE! Really short	 but for a hallowenn costume wear some boy shorts underneath and your ready!! I orderd the Large =US M was a perfect fit.  I just slipped it on	 never unzipped it.	review_date"
"This is a VERY nice  skirt!  Just the right length to be \sexy\"".  It does set a little to low and loose for my personal taste	  but I feel like if I got a medium it would be to small. So I'm just going to take it in some.  Im a dancer so I ten to be picky about my stuff.Haha. I Normally wear a Medium but got a Large. Glad I did!""	review_date"
"It. Fits. Perfect.  And my surprise can still be seen on my face.  I am an extremly curvy woman (I have 41\ hips and a 27\"" waist) and I have quite a booty (in between J-Lo and Kim K	 but natural) -- this thing gets his heart racing - every. time.  Get it - you will not regret it. "
"This looks so sexy on my wife! We tried the Adorneve plaid skirt at first	 and it ran ridiculously small (the large was 34\) which is about my wife's waist size	 but skirts are supposed to sit on the hip	 not the waist.. and my wife's got Brazilian curves - her hips are a little over 40\""... So even tho we exchanged for an XL	 it was still too small. We got the Avidlove skirt instead	 which is what we should've done in the first place!We got the XL = US L sizing	 and it fit perfectly. I believe it's 40\"". Hopefully that helps anyone as confused with sizing as I was.""	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Order a smallFits a little big but it's still cute.I'm 5'3 1/2 and weigh 112lbs.Perfect length. Can be worn as an everyday outfit or a sexy costume!Ordering the other colors for sure	review_date"
"My wife bought to be my \school girl\"" and it was a very nice surprise! According to her	 the skirt actually fit! she has have issues finding ones that did in the past and was very happy with this one. Due to the Velcro	 it does get a little tricky moving around	 but other than that she is going to be buying again from this company in the future. The service was great and arrived in a timely matter considering it was coming from over seas.""	review_date"
"i鈥檒l first say that the skirt is excellent quality - it鈥檚 a nice material - soft and super thin.However	 i am kind of annoyed because after following the sizing and the size recommendations (and after looking through reviews and answered questions)	 i got a XL-US L and it is WAY too big in the hips. (for reference i am 5鈥? and 135 lb)there鈥檚 a huge gap in the waist to the point it won鈥檛 even stay up. debating on trying to alter it but don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 worth it.i鈥檓 bummed because it鈥檚 so cute and the next size down seems significant and i鈥檓 worried it would be too small.	review_date"
"LOVE this skirt! I read all of the reviews for sizing and everyone is saying to order a little large. I'm usually a size 10	 160ish-lbs. I ordered a US size XL and it's too big	 even sitting on the widest part of my hips. I have a good 1-2inch gap that I will sew to fit. I'm not displeased with this product at all	 I just wanted to help anyone else who is debating sizes. I think I would have been better off with a US size Large (which is my usual size). Great material and a perfect length	 definitely not something you'd wear out of the bedroom though. "
"This skirt is great - especially for the price - but I am small and weigh only 115 lbs. The smallest size offered (medium) was much too large for me.UPDATE: Contacted AvidLove and their customer service was EXCELLENT! I am so impressed! They offered to give me a 50% refund...and I am simply going to add some velcro to make the skirt work for me. They were quick and professional - I will order from them again!	review_date"
"Im 5\ 11 230lbs and the 2xl fit me perfectly around my waist	 not my hips. Good thing there was a zipper haha. But really	  its beautiful	 neat stitching	 and with my height it just barely covers my butt (which my boyfriend loves). Throw a pair of leggings on under it and you can wear it out	 but I mainly got it for the bedroom. 10/10""	review_date"
"i initially ordered this two sizes up (xl) and was sad that t was so big because it鈥檚 adorable	 i ended up returning it and ordering a large instead. i cold probably fit into a medium (my usual size is 6-8) but am paranoid about muffin top so the large works. the colors and fit are great	 highly recommend this really cute skirt and recommend products by avidlove in general	review_date"
"The seller provides plenty of information for you to get the correct size. I ordered XL which is equal to US Large.  The fit was as expected. As other reviewers have said	 this skirt is intended to be very short and sexy. I'm 5'9\ 160 pounds and this skirt fit fine	 the bottom of my cheeks were slightly visible. My husband loved it!!!""	review_date"
"I love the product. I love the sturdy material that it is made out of. It was exactly what I was looking for when I set out for a school girl mini skirt. I read reviews and asked questions and bought according to the size chart. I have 42\ hips and went with the XXL=US XL. The item was too big. I could actually fit 1.5 of me in the skirt. I am definitely re-ordering the item in a XL=US L. I hope this one fits perfectly like all of the reviews that I have read. If not	 I will definitely ordered one size smaller.""	review_date"
"I purchased this mini skirt for bedroom play with my husband. This skirt is way to short to be worn outside of the house for me. After reading some of the reviews and the directions to order a size up	 I did and this skirt is HUGE. I will have to take it in to be sized. I don't know if I just received an odd sized skirt or if I'm really two sizes smaller. Good luck ordering.	review_date"
"Fun and sexy skirt! If you have wider hips	 this will NOT cover your booty!! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 140	 Medium fit great!	review_date"
"Super cute...however	 IT DEFINITLY IS NOT SIZED SMALLER THAN STATED. I would typically wear a Medium in US sizes	 I鈥檓 5鈥? about 130 lbs and a size 6-7 depending on brands. I ordered a large as so many reviews stated to size up	 but this was literally falling off me when I tried it on. I鈥檒l sew it to fit properly because I can	 and really I ordered it to wear for my husband only...he will never notice sloppy stitching anyway 馃槒	 but I鈥檇 say it鈥檚 actually true to size compared to US sizing. I should have just ordered a Medium.	review_date"
"True to size. This is NOT an item you鈥檒l want to wear out in public (maybe on Halloween) but it bare it all for you. It鈥檚 sexy af especially with thigh high boots or knee socks.	review_date"
"this skirt runs much larger than any other Avidlove items I have purchased.I bought the same size that I always get in Avidlove	 they have always fit perfectly. this skirt literally fell off me when I tried it on. I solved the problem with needle and thread. I just took it in on the back in 2 places. because of the pleats the alteration doesn't really show. it is really cute and is as pictured.	review_date"
"I'm a common 30 waist and bought the Medium=Small	  no way could I zip it	 too small.. One would figure the next size up would fit right?	 Wrong	 I ordered the Large=Medium and it was wayyyy too big	 it was more like a Large=Large	 4\ of extra material  around the waist..  When there is no stretch in a skirt or pants	 you cant have S	 M	L XL sizing	 it NEEDS to be numbered.. Will return	 again.""	review_date"
"I have a 29\ waist and 38\"" hips	 I ordered the XL = US L because of the size chart.  It sits lower on my hips and I probably could have done a size smaller	 but wanted it to be a little loose.  It is very sexy and pairs perfectly with the Black Tie Top.  Very short	 so be cautious where you are wearing it.""	review_date"
"I ordered a \US size small\"" skirt. I'm usually a size 4-6	 so I thought this skirt would fit me decently. The skirt was HUGE. There is no stretch in the fabric at all. Besides that	 the skirt is also very low quality. I only tried it on and the threads starting coming out after literally 10 minutes. I would not recommend this skirt to anyone.""	review_date"
"Great print. Nice and short maybe too short depending on what you plan to use it for. But the material is a nice quality and it looks fantastic.	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife for Christmas.  Its okay quality and it ran a little large for us.  The problem is there is no elastic on the waist so it either fits perfectly or it doesn't!  Still fun for the price.	review_date"
"As described! Decently made. Zipper closer	 short! Perfect for naughty school girl or punky costuming! The tag said 2xl = US xl and it鈥檚 spit on. I ordered two"
"Definitely a costume item for home use only. I was hoping to use for a Halloween costume but it is way to short for public eyes even for the risque type. There was no coverage of the butt cheeks. Quality appeared to be good but I returned as I could not use for the desired purpose.	review_date"
"I dont know what everyone else was getting	 but mine which was labelled small was like 2 sizes too large. Didnt even stay on my hips	 tried 2 separate colors and they were both the same and had to send both back. I'm very curvy	 37 inch hips and the small didnt even fit	review_date"
"Purchased this skirt expecting it to tear after its first use but to my surprise it is pretty sturdy. I鈥檇 say it runs true to size. I went up a size thinking it was going to be tiny but I ended up having to pin the skirt. It is quite short	 which is a good thing depending on its expected use. The colors on this skirt are vivid. Great for pictures or costumes.	review_date"
"Cute	 really short so main use is for entertaining.	review_date"
"This skirt is very cute and the material feels really nice. But this skirt is NOT STRETCHY at all	 just as a warning. Not that that's a flaw	 but if you're thinking you might be able to squeeze in I wouldn't recommend. I'm a size 16-18 pants and I couldn't even get this skirt around my waist with it completely unzipped. I think the xxl skirt is most likely to be a firm fit for a size 14 at the most. I was really bummed out because it really is a cute and perfect skirt.	review_date"
"Husband loves this. Wouldn鈥檛 wear it out because it鈥檚 way to short but makes for a hot night	review_date"
"Looks amazing on my wife. She is 5'5\	 athletic build. I got her the small and it is short. Her bottom peeks out	 but that's what I bought it for. She would not feel comfortable wearing outside the house but perfect for the bedroom.""	review_date"
"I am 5'6 130lbs and got the medium so it could sit lower in my hips.  There is a little room still	 but I imagine it's a better fit than the small.	review_date"
"I ordered a size up after reading the reviews	 but it was too big for me.I am usually a L or XL (12-14 US) depending on the brand	 and I ordered an XXL= XL. I have big hips and I thought it would be safe to order several sizes up. The quality seems okay	 and the bigger size was no big deal because I tailored it.	review_date"
"It fit big because I bought it big	 thinking it would fit small	 but the sizes fit as they say.  I where a 10-12 in women's size and I purchased a xl	 should have gotten a large.  I thought because of my curves I needed to get something g larger	 but no.	review_date"
"Everyone was saying that this ran small	 so I ordered one size bigger than my wife takes	 but when we got it	 it was way too big.The wife is 5-0 about 110	 and I ordered a medium and we had to pin the sides to keep it from falling down. I should have ordered a small.	review_date"
"This skirt is perfect for the bedroom. It's short and exactly what I wanted for my hubby.  I can't imagine wearing it out in public because I wouldn't be able to bend over without exposing myself. It's very flattering on my figure. I'm 5'8	 132 lbs. I purchased the M (US S) Have some fun with your significant other and buy this skirt. I'll most likely purchase more in other colors!	review_date"
"Don't size up!! It would have fit perfect had I got my size. So unless you are a big girl then don't size up. Its adorable and sexy. Not too short but probably too short to wear out in public.	review_date"
"ctrh3  will be used as a Hash House Harrier/Harriette kilt....  solid enough construction 	not as heavy weight as expensive special made hash kilts	 but this is damn sure much cuter and cheaper! Drop waist is perfect for patches ...can wear booty shorts or leggings under ON-ON	review_date"
"Perfect !!  I like my play skirts short \u0026 tight	review_date"
"Fit was perfect. I need to buy a new one since I've lost 40 pounds and this one is not adjustable	review_date"
"Ordered a \M = US Small\"". My hip measurement is 35\""/90cm	 and this sits low on my hips. It's not loose enough to be a problem	 but if you have hips smaller than mine	 then I wouldn't suggest it unless you know how to tailor pleated skirts. The quality is better than I expected	 not too bad. I'm not an expert on quality	 however. Overall I am happy with my purchase.Also	 just in case this shows up under regular miniskirts instead of lingerie for anyone	 you should know that the skirt barely covers my butt when sitting low on my hips.""	review_date"
"i bought my actual size \u0026 it fits perfectly. by perfectly i mean that it sits right on my hip line	 neither tight nor loose. just perfectly. super short \u0026 sexy! i have a large-ish bottom so it only covers half of it on me.	review_date"
"I liked the design and color. Material felt a little cheap. However I ordered the smallest size available(smaill waist bigger butt) and it was still big enough to simply be pulled down over my butt.	review_date"
"Came in the package very wrinkled	 but a once over with my hair straightener fixed it easily. If you want the skirt to fit on your hips	 order your size. If you want it to fit on your waist	 size down. Unfortunately	 I'm going to have to make it smaller	 but it should be an easy fix. Material is nice for the price and it looks amazing on!	review_date"
"I got a M (womens US small) and it is way too big. I am 5'2\ and 126lbs and it was about 3-4\"" too big on the waist. Bummer. Otherwise it is cute..""	review_date"
"I bought a size to big so had to sew the sides in the waist. I was worried a large would be to tight so bought xl and it was huge so true to size. It鈥檚 hella cute and my husband was shocked and loved loved it!!!	review_date"
"Super cute skirt but I ordered a large and it is to small. I went a size up then normal	 but I have wide hips so may be why. Definitely for home use only.	review_date"
"oh you should see her in this	review_date"
"It's cute and comfortable but it's definitely bigger than I expected. I'm 5'3\ and 118lb and it sits very low on my pelvic bone. I guess that's one way to make it longer.""	review_date"
"Super cute skirt for role play.  Not enough coverage in back to wear out as costume.  No stretch but good quality and had zipper at side.  I would suggest ordering your normal size and not sizing up.  I ordered the large and it was a bit too big.  I pinned it on one side.  I am 5'5\	 145 lbs	 size 6 for reference.""	review_date"
"Nice material. Well made.	review_date"
"This skirt is perfect for my purpose.  Very short	 which is what I was going for.  Size was spot on for me. Normal size.	review_date"
"So glad I went with this one! Ordered a size too big and got a refund as soon as the illfitting one was shipped! I ordered a size smaller to replace it and got it the very next day! Fits perfect cute. Sexy. Love it. Def recommend.	review_date"
"School girl or Scottish maid this outfit works	review_date"
"I'm going to have to take this in. It's always difficult buying costumes/lingerie online so I usually choose a size up  just in case and that was a mistake on my part. No worries	 though	 I'm just going to take it in and call it good. Adorable skirt!	review_date"
"My husband got this for me and I love it! ... and so does he. Don't order too big. I wear 14 and the XXL was too big. Going to take a tuck in this one and he has ordered a different color a size small.	review_date"
Very cute! Ordered an xlarge and was a little big. Im 5'3\ and 180lbs. But I can adjust it...sexy 
"The skirt is so cute. I love it! The husband finds it pretty hot too. My only complaint is that the size runs large. I normally wear an 8/10 and it is too big. I will keep it and order a small.	review_date"
"I like this skirt a lot and so does my boyfriend. It's very short	 and barely covers my butt standing up (if you have a very round butt it may not cover)	 but you might be able to wear it out with leggings if you really wanted to. I'm 5'6\	 roughly 140lbs and mostly hips	 typically size 10/Large in pants.40-41\"" hip measurement and the skirt sits low and loose. Quality seems pretty good and the zipper is nice enough. I would recommend.""	review_date"
"What a fun little skirt	 great to play in	 I love it. Well made and worth the money	review_date"
"I wear a 28/29 (size 7/8) in women's and the US medium (large) fit good.  A little loose but I think the next size down would have been too snug.  Super cute.  Super sexy.  Very short.  I wore it in a Kilt Chaser 5k and shorts were a must.  As soon as I bent over a tad there was a surprise for anyone to see.	review_date"
"She said it was a little short...I said that's kind of the point!Looked great	 seems to be well made	 especially for the price. Fit as expected.If we ever need to replace it	 I wouldn't hesitate to buy this exact one again.	review_date"
"I just received this and was planning on wearing it for st. Patrick's day. It is sexy	 comfortable	 the material is pretty decent	 good price	 and lobe the green in it but I ordered a size up because of the reviews	 i usually wear an xl but ordered a 2xl. I'm so disappointed because it is too big. So I just ordered an xl and fingers crossed this works and I get it earlier.	review_date"
"Returned because it wasn鈥檛 quite to my liking	 but well made and sits very low on the hips. Very cute and sexy	 just too low rise for my preference.	review_date"
"Fiance loves it! Fits decently well and isn't itchy. Very very short so I would not recommend for any going out in public costumes. Made for the bedroom for sure. I've washed it and didn't see any major shrinking or problems with the seams.	review_date"
"It's pretty much exactly what you are expecting. Quality is good and it's not something that's going to be worn much so it should last a long while.	review_date"
"I ordered what I thought was a US XL but it came in with a tag 2XL so it is huge! It is still a very cute skirt and I will make it work. I would buy again just would order a smaller size.	review_date"
"Runs very small. Had to return because it was tiny and unflattering.	review_date"
"perfect little skirt. definitely something you wear leggings under if your using it outside of the bedroom. lol	review_date"
"It is cute. Runs a little small I feel. It had a horrible smell like it had been sitting in storage for years	 but it came out after the first wash	 so not too big of a deal. My husband does like it though!	review_date"
"I love when my fiancee wears that for me with few white additions :)	review_date"
"Thought I would need a size up due to comments. I was wrong. Glad I got enough booty to keep it up otherwise it would fall right off. Color is super cute.	review_date"
"Good but large	review_date"
"The size XL (US large) fits big. It does allow the skirt to fall lower on the hips though which is cute. Husband will love them!	review_date"
"It was a cute skirt but I had to return it because it was way too large. I got the xl based on the reviews of people who said this came from a foreign country so it wouldn't fit like american sizes	 whelp	 that was a bust. But cute for its intended purposes.	review_date"
"The skirt is pretty. I bought a size up from my usual and the fit was good. It looks good but the quality is the real problem. Had it on for only an hour and it ripped at the seam that connects the waist with the skirt. Buy it for the looks but treat it like porcelain.	review_date"
"I'm iffy on what size I wear. So the skirt turned out great for me. It was a little too big but not badly. If i need to order sgain ill get the large for next time. The skirt became part of my out fit for an event. So many compliments on it.	review_date"
"She looks sooooooo hot in this! and Boo just loves to parade around the house teasing her daddy	review_date"
"I love this skirt so much! It is soo sexy and the perfect touch for playtime. The only con is that the fit was a little larger than expected	 but it still worked out :)	review_date"
"This fit my lady perfectly and is very fun and flirty. I鈥檓 not sure what material it鈥檚 made of but it wasn鈥檛 my favorite.  For the price and what the products use is though	 pretty fulfilling "
"Perfect fit for me.  For reference	 I'm 5'2\ and 125 lbs.  Sexy little skirt	 I deducted 1 star because the material is not terrific.""	review_date"
"I typically wear a size 6-8 in women鈥檚. Bought an extra large. It fits on my hips. Definitely skimpy. But that鈥檚 kind of the point	 right? Would never wear this out of the house.	review_date"
"Cuter then I expected.  Flattering Fit. Super cute with AJ Retro Thigh High Socks I bought	review_date"
"So super cute! Bought this to spice up some bedroom time and its perfect	 exactly what I was looking for. I ordered the Xlarge (I usually wear size 11 or 13 jeans)  and its a decent fit. I probably could have ordered XX large and it would have fit a little better but I was afraid it would be TOO big if I had	 and short and sexy was what i was going for. It doesn't cover my butt all the way but considering why I bought it it didn't need to. I love it. The waist fits fine but I think it would have looked nicer on me in XXL.I am an Amazon reviewer that purchased this skirt at full price and was NOT asked to review it by anyone. I chose to only because I really do like it and wanted to be able to help other shoppers	 it's hard buying clothes online.	review_date"
"Definitely very short! I'm a bigger girl so my booty hung out but I didn't buy this skirt for wearing in public so that was great for me 馃槒	review_date"
"Will have to take it it a bit but it is great quality. Perfect for the event I purchased it for!	review_date"
"gf likes it. sizes are smaller than they look. get a size bigger	review_date"
"it was huge..... i didn鈥檛 have to unzip it to get it off	review_date"
"i love this school girl mini skirt	 and so does my boyfriend. its very cute	 material is really good	 not cheap. i love it lots!!!	review_date"
"This is great. It fit her just right and looks amazing.	review_date"
"I ordered a XXL and it was way to big	 very wide on the hips. I thought it would be okay cuz I have a butt	 but my waist is smaller. I followed the size guide cuz my hips are a 40 but doesn鈥檛 seem correct. Returned and got the next size down. Very cute tho bought for Valentine鈥檚 Day.	review_date"
"I wanted sexy and I got it! I'm short but I have a bigger bottom and it was pretty revealing so I ordered a size up. To make it fit a little better.	review_date"
"Love the colors and it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Fits well	 shorter than I expected. I've got a good sized booty and the back only covers about half of it. Also it's a little big around my hips. But still cute.	review_date"
"Only reason I'm giving this skirt a 3 star rating is that I ordered the US XL (XXL) In thoughts that it ran small like it had said. It actually was nearly a whole size bigger.  Though nothing some safety pins won't  fix.. but still.. a little disappointed that it didn't fit correctly.	review_date"
"Ordered this cute skirt for my 10 year old daughter's school play. I know it says sexy but actually it's very cute and perfect knee high length.	review_date"
"great short skirt for a fun night in	review_date"
"Its decent quality and a good price.	review_date"
"I was worried about the sizing of this skirt. I have wide hips and a bigger butt so I went with a medium. When I pulled it out of the package it looked to be too big. But when tried on I realize it was exactly what I wanted. It's just the right amount of short in the back. Zipper isn't the greatest but you get what you pay for.	review_date"
"Tried on once	 reviewed it right after. This is my update.Fabric tore in 2 separate places just while I held it to zip up.	review_date"
"I'm 5'6 110lbs an read reviews	 got medium....doesnt run small it was way too big. I'd size down. Very short too.	review_date"
"Super cute! Good quality for the price	review_date"
"SO looks awesome when wearing.  Wish she would but it on more often or purchase computable products.	review_date"
"Theres something about it's shape that is funky to me. Can't figure it out. It isn't flattering on me	 I dont think.	review_date"
"Thin material and wrinkles easily. Super short but that鈥檚 what I wanted and expected.	review_date"
"Very sexy for fun adult play.	review_date"
"Love this skirt! It fits amazing I did order a size up and it fit fine so they do run a bit small but the color is adorable along with the pleats I'm very happy with this purchase. Thank you	review_date"
"Very cute	 but the S/M was too big in the waist area. Still cute enough to keep and serve its purpose!	review_date"
"It is what it says	review_date"
"I like the skirt	but it is too big for my girlfriend.	review_date"
"Amazing skirt! Great quality and fitted exactly as expected. A little short but thats what I was going for!	review_date"
"I love these mini skirt and fits exactly as described	review_date"
"Much too small. Ended up getting this from Hot Topic and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I got xxl and it鈥檚 pretty big. I usually wear xl but thought this might run small.	review_date"
"very cute	 but i got the smallest size and still have to fold it over and safety pin it to keep it on.	review_date"
"love it! So does he!	review_date"
"Larger than advertised	 other than that	 fine.	review_date"
"Love it. Great material	 sturdy	 will last awhile.	review_date"
"The only negative comment on this skirt would be the one and only time I wore it	 one of the pleats came un-sewn and I had to safety pin it. I feel it is true to size.	review_date"
"perfect	review_date"
"Perfect no complaints	review_date"
"These run large	 so I suggest ordering a size down. Otherwise it looks just like the picture	 I recommend it.	review_date"
"The medium was way too big. Had to safety pin about 2\ out of it. Could be a bit shorter for the schoolgirl outfit. 4'10\"" size 0""	review_date"
"Its so cute! My boyfriend absolutely loves it on me! Not to be mistaken for anything you'd wear in public. Private only! :-)	review_date"

"The skirt was super cute but it was too small.  I ordered a size large (I wear a size 10 in jeans) and it was too small.  Didn't want to hastle with sending it back so I gave it to my girlfriend.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. It is VERY short. Good quality	review_date"
"I'm a petite hourglass and this skirt looked more like a belt than it did an actual skirt. It was so short but also too wide.	review_date"
"We love this	review_date"
sexy for night fun 
"My own fault. I lost more weight than i realized. Stuck a dart in and its great	review_date"
"Well pleated	 easy to iron. Zipper isn't perfect but it zips	 there were lots of stray threads that needed to be trimmed but that's also reflective of the price. Love that it does not stretch.	review_date"
"Went with the advice to size up	 but way too big. I wear typically a size 2 to 4 or a small but ordered medium. Super cute though!	review_date"
"CUTE LITTLE SKIRT TO SPICE THINGS UP.	review_date"
"This skirt is absolutely perfect! I am 5'6 163lbs I ordered the extra large I wear a size 12 dress . I absolutely love this skirt and will be wearing it on st. Patrick's day (beings I'm Scottish)	review_date"
"The somewhat small fit was ok by me. No wasteline fit issues	  just shorter than we thought which actually makes it a little more fun. Thanks for spicing things up.	review_date"
"Cute skirt just fit a little big	 I purchased size based off of reviews	 hubby really liked.	review_date"
"Looks great. Made with good material and has a zipper to take off and on. Seems like they did not put it together cheap.	review_date"
"waaayy too large.	review_date"
"Super Sexy and very comfortable	 it's almost like your wearing nothing at all....My wife loves it \u0026 I happen to agree with her in a big way.	review_date"
"Sizing runs very large. I'm typically a medium so i ordered the L=US M and it was huge. Its very cute and good quality.	review_date"
"I'm a size zero and bought a small and it was a little big on me.  But it hung off my hips so it was cute.	review_date"
I love it! (So does the hubby 
It was a great Halloween costume 
"I am S size and ordered M and it fits great	review_date"
"Sexy sexy sexy	review_date"
"Material was a little cheap	 but it fit reguardless.	review_date"
"Cute. Fits but way short. Only for the bedroom unless u wear leggings or biker shirts underneath. Great as role play costume tho. Sexy	review_date"
"I loved the look and so did my husband. It was a tad bit big	 but I sew up each side about an inche.  So it was not a big deal because the construction was fabulous. Thank you.	review_date"
"This one drove my partner crazy!  Love it.  It is really cute and definitely sexy!  It fit me perfectly and I am not a size 2 like the picture.	review_date"
"Nice but just a little bit larger than expected - Other than that Great!!	review_date"
"Very sexy wife got and xxl and it fits perfect she normally wears a size 12	review_date"
"Sizing info is somewhat misleading.  The skirt is to big for my GF	review_date"
"Very very sexy. Perfect length	review_date"
"Super cute and fits exactly as expected! I ordered and XXL (39\ waist	 50\"" hips) and it fits wonderfully!  I guess if I had one tiny little nitpicky thing it would be I wish the material were just a little heavier but that's just a tiny detail.  Love it!!""	review_date"
"Not bad	review_date"
"I seen on the reviews that it fits small and it really does...I am usually a L I got a 2X because I have big hips and it fits that right...but I will say how it is designed it is not very flattering if you are thick. How they have it sewn together is not done nicely	review_date"
"Very	 very sexy. Both my wife and I love it.	review_date"
"Very cute skirt!  Fits better than I expected... perfect for pole dancing or other costume	review_date"
"Still haven't found the right tartan skirt for my wife.  Too stretchy	 I am looking for a heavy cotton feel.  Length was good... for the bedroom.	review_date"
"Fits great for some bedroom fun. Drives my husband wild!	review_date"
"Perfect for what it's meant for. Super short and definitely not meant for normal wear. It's a great product for the price and my boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Quality is fine however is much too big and I did measure after looking at the size chart	review_date"
"Omg I love this skirt!!! I'm about a size 14	 working my way down to a size 12 and the XL fits absolutely perfectly. It's definitely VERY short	 but in the sexiest way possible. Good material	 sturdy zipper. Can't wait to use this with the hubby tonight!	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"If I could give this product no stars	 I would. extremely small.	review_date"
"Very cute but definately order a size or too up if you have a booty	review_date"
"Very cute skirt for the money.  Fit followed the size chart.	review_date"
"It is very nice and well made.	review_date"
"small	review_date"
"Had lots of little stitching issues and zipper was not working. It is cute	 and worked out well. The fit is a tad small	 I ordered a size up.	review_date"
"Good quality	 but sizing is off. I am an xl and purchased the \xxl= us xl\"" and it was a bit too big. I was able to pin it	 though	 so it works.""	review_date"
"Great product and correct sizing	review_date"
"Still loved it and returned the large one and got a different size.	review_date"
"OMG love love love this skirt!!  Just don't wear it in public	 bedroom only!! "
"Decently made.  Material felt solid enough to last a good while.  Ordered one size too small.	review_date"
"Very cute	review_date"
"The quality is good for the price	 but it was WAAAY too large. I returned it.And yes	 it IS short	 but it's supposed to be a \role play\"" mini skirt	 not something you would wear to dinner with your mother. Whatever you wear underneath (or don't wear) WILL show. So	 boyshorts will show. A thong will show. Going commando? That will show too.If you're wearing it out in public	 just know that up front.Reading some of the reviews	 it's hard to tell if the sizing issue is a consistency with construction issue	 or just a body type variation. I used my measurements and it was over-large enough to justify a return. Even if you read their description about their model's measurements	 it just doesn't add up.I suggest going down a size in general. If in doubt or if you are in between sizes	 go down a size.""	review_date"
"Chip	review_date"
"It's incredibly short but that's what I got it for. Very cute!	review_date"
"This skirt is very short.  I am talking it does not cover your buns.  It is a great item to have in the privacy of your own home but you would not be able to wear this to a party or any where else for that matter.	review_date"
"It fit alright. Cut me in weird places	 but at least it fit. However	 after trying it on for only a minute or so	 the skirt ripped in two different places. Cheaply made.	review_date"
"perfect for playing with your partner.	review_date"
"Product as described.  Nice quality.	review_date"
"Somewhat larger than expected but very nicely made with full pleats. I love it and wear it all the time.	review_date"
"I had to take it up around the hips	 but my husband didn't even notice ...... Go Figure !!	review_date"
"Way too big on me (5'1	 112lb) so I have to pin it	review_date"
"Excellent product	 including the quality and style of it	 I totally recommend them.	review_date"
"I ordered this in a size up like the comments suggested and it was a little big but overall I was happy with the skirt. I loved the price of the skirt but I was happy with the quality. I would definitely recommend getting this if you're interested in it.	review_date"
"I bought this for a costume it is much shorter than I would normally wear . I am thinking  that with tights and knee boots I might be able to wear it on a night out Its still very short It fit well and I think with tights and boots its ok for say a private party	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! I am 5'2 143 lbs and usually can fit into a med/large but reading all the reviews about running slightly small I opted to go with the XL. Although I can take it off without unzipping it	 its PERFECT! The only thing I would say is BE CAREFUL with handling	 the stitching is very minimal.	review_date"
"Bit small for me but Im keeping. Im 5'5\ 128 pounds and just got it zipped lol. I think I got a medium.""	review_date"
"Runs small get a larger size.	review_date"
"What can I say - it's hot	 fits my girlfriend perfectly	 and is as advertised.	review_date"
"Love this skirt. Run a little large. I would recommend you get your regular size or only one size bigger.	review_date"
"Cute little skirt. I got it for role play( what else?) It is made well.	review_date"
"It's cute but was just too small	 had to return it.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Looks great. Girlfriend really liked it. If wearing for a costume I would look for something longer.	review_date"
"Big in waste and really short but it is good	review_date"
"This fit me perfectly. I am a size medium 6-8 in US and ordered a large. Its really cute and looks exactly like the picture. Nice fabric. Will definitely buy from this company again.	review_date"
"Ordered size large	 normally wear medium/6 and it fit perfectly. Followed their sizing guide.	review_date"
"Cute and comfy schoolgirl skirt	 can't wait to put it to good use	review_date"
"Fits exactly as it should. Very cute	review_date"
"Cute skirt for a costume- I bought it for part of a school girl piece and I was happy with the quality. It was a little loose at the waist	 but it still looks ok.	review_date"
"Too large but I like it.	review_date"
"A little bit large but I hemmed it to fit. Great for the price though	 husband is going to love.	review_date"
"Ferfecto	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 180pounds size 10-12 in pants got a large fits good short in the back couldn't leave the house in it but good for the bed room	review_date"
"Totally cute but thin material and big in the waist	review_date"
"Like it	review_date"
"Very short. Not suitable for wearing at most private schools	 especially religious ones.	review_date"
"I loved it and so did he. Love playing dress up	 bought a tie separately.	review_date"
"It's cheap	 cute	 and nice quality! I'm 5'6\ and 107 lbs. I bought a size small but it ended up being too wide to stay on by itself.. I just wish that it were more adjustable.""	review_date"
"its alright. I would buy something like this a bit bigger next time	review_date"
"Slightly smaller than indicated. However	 it did the job well. My husband went crazy over this skirt!	review_date"
"Good fit	 okay quality fabric.	review_date"
"absolutely perfect!	review_date"
"She doesn't love it as much as I do	 but she loves to wear it for me.	review_date"
"my husband loved it	 too short to where out	 but around the house for him is perfect!!!!!	review_date"
"I really love this skirt! It fits perfectly. The lace around the hem is my favorite part.	review_date"
"My girl loves this!	review_date"
"Perfect for the role play.  Boyfriend loves it and says it's so sexy!	review_date"
"Size fits well. I'm a bigger girl and very filled out in my hips and butt area. Size 14 in US. I ordered the XXL which is a XL in US. It fits well. No wiggle room and does not stretch though. However	 I give this four stars because the material is very cheaply made. It would tear easily if not careful. Very short. Although.. it is for the bedroom so it's fine to me!	review_date"
"Cute	 but too big by far	 it would be better with some elastic .	review_date"
"wooohooo sexy!!!!	review_date"
"It looked really good but was to small.  I ordered a larger size \u0026 this 1 back.	review_date"
"Adorable skirt	 fits to size (Large) and perfect for roleplay! Love it!	review_date"
"I read the reviews and im a small size i got a Medium fits perfectly im 5'4 \u0026  weight  105 the material is great well made love it	review_date"
"Decent material	 and I thought a large we be too big but it fits. I'm a size 5 and it's perfect	review_date"
"Purchased as a costume and was what I expected without paying an arm and a leg.	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very cute. I鈥檓 an XL so I bout a 2XL Bc it says it runs small but it鈥檚 too big. It fits. I would鈥檝e been better with an XL. But it鈥檒l serve its purpose for a photo shoot. One time wear.	review_date"
"Sexy!!	review_date"
"Beautiful skirt although too large	review_date"
"Sexy skirt!	review_date"
"I got what the size I normally wear but when I received it it was a little to big.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Super sexy but very short! Bought it for my naughty school girl lingerie costume toWear for my boyfriend. He loves it!	review_date"
"Seams not very strong	 but very cute.	review_date"
"Fit as expected . Very comfortable would suggest it to others without a doubt . Would but in other colors	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy! It is loose in the waist and I ordered a small. I am 5'6'' and 130 pounds and it is a little loose but I would not go smaller! I could not wear it outside without anything under it	review_date"
"I loved this skirt. It fits perfectly and is comfortable and sexy very good for some intimate occasion.	review_date"
"freaking adorable	review_date"
"to large \u0026 to short	review_date"
"okay fit	 little disappointed	review_date"
"Great skirt for a school girl costume. I'm usually a 26-27 in pants and a size medium fit perfectly. The sewing is a little weird around the zipper so it's quite loose near the zipper. However not noticeable. Very	 very short in length (had to wear spandex under) but still looks great!	review_date"
Meh...I'm sure it would look better if I was thinner. SO short. It's more like a belt...than a skirt 
"I have a 36 inch hip area and your skirt that was to measure 38 to 40 inches did not zip over my hips. It was more like a 34 not a 38	review_date"
"Perfect for my girlfriend's needs.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	review_date"
"Yeah	 FIVE STARS!!	review_date"
"Great for those fantasy bedroom moments	review_date"
"The skirt was a lil big but I still love it	review_date"
"Wish it was one size up.	review_date"
"Very cute! Boyfriend loves it! A bit too big but I made it work. Good quality.	review_date"
"Great size. Shorter than expected. Haven't worn this yet.	review_date"
"Super hot in the bedroom!  Very short and that's how it should be.  Perfect for playtime or just for fun.	review_date"
"I really like this skirt. It's perfect for what I needed. It's a little bit loose but a medium would have been too tight. I'm 6 ft and about 170lbs. :)	review_date"
"The zipper ripped completely off after one month of normal use. Going to sew it back	 otherwise it looks and fits just as expected.	review_date"
"Cute	 sexy little skirt! I'm 5'2 and 115lbs and M (us small) fit perfectly! Loved it and my boyfriend did too!	review_date"
"Perfect and shows off my butt. Cant wait to show my boyfriend	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
Definitely perfect as pictured. I used it for a bedroom fantasy dressup with my boyfriend. 
"Hot	review_date"
"butt skirt	review_date"
"It's a very cute skirt	 but definitely not for casual wear purpose cuz it is super short and shows the cheeks...But the waist was pretty loose on me ( I got a Medium and I usually wear Small for most anything) and so I just kinda let it hang on my hips and it covers the cheeks a little more .	review_date"
"Bought a size larger than what I wear and it fits me a little too big but I absolutely love it	review_date"
"Awesome	 sexy.	review_date"
"She really likes the fit and the flare to it	review_date"
"fits perfectly	 nice piece	review_date"
"This is cute but it is to large.. did not want to send back just will take it up..	review_date"
"Cuteness!  Well made and adorable!  I usually wear a small but ordered a medium	 and It fits great!	review_date"
"just a bit too small for the booty	review_date"
"my bf loves it when I put this on	 fit really well.	review_date"
"I LOVE IT...JUST MAKE SURE THAT YOU PICK THE RIGHT SIZE 馃挆馃挋馃挌	review_date"
"Well	 it fits fine. Looks cute. Haven't shown my boyfriend yet so rating could go up or down. Ah.. guys like anything. It'll work for you girls	review_date"
"Super cute! Husband loved it	review_date"
"It's awesome but it's way too big!	review_date"
"Good for price but WAY too big. Can easily pin the waistband to fit	 so I will not return it. No chemical smell and sturdy zipper.	review_date"
"I think I technically got it on. But it was too tight around my waist	 and it didn't cover a single inch of my butt. And I'm 5'0\. Disappointing. I would have ordered up one more size but 1) they don't have another size up (cause us big ladies don't deserve sexy clothes	 right?) and 2) it probably still would have been too short. I mean	 I wanted a short skirt	 and being a short person	 I usually have a problem with things being too long. But this was like wearing a girdle	 not a skirt. I was amazed.""	review_date"
"this was a terribly made product aside from being ridiculously too big. This was supposed to be a US small \u0026 it literally completely slips off me. Don't waste your money.	review_date"
"Arrived on time and as pictured. I ordered a size up as suggested and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Very cute	 but it is poorly sown together. It tour the first time I tried it on.	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Very cute skirt but runs large.	review_date"
"Great	 fits perfectly! I picked a size large.. I'm 5'7 \u0026155lb I got a little hips:) fits nice just like the picture.. very happy with it	 came fast also!	review_date"
"ya baby	review_date"
"this didn't fit at all like I thought it would. it was TINY	review_date"
"Makes my small ass look great	review_date"
"I did think the quality was better than I expected	 but the reviews made me think I needed to order a size up	 and it was actually way too big.	review_date"
"Fast service	 fit as expected.	review_date"
"Material is decent for the price. It has a side zip that looks a little flimsy. I got a size XL. It fit a little loosely	 but not too loose that it's falling off	 it just hangs lower on my hips. It covers my rump more than I thought it would	 which is a good thing if your going to wear it out of the house. I wanted it strictly for the bedroom. I'm 5'7\ 150# \u0026 I carry all my weight in my hips so I usually wear an L/XL in pants.""	review_date"
"Cute nice quality	review_date"
"This item runs small so I had to order up as others stated in their review. Also	 sometimes I have a hard time with the zipper getting stuck.	review_date"
"This fit perfectly! Very happy I chose this one.	review_date"
"Loved it ! Really sexy ! You should order one ! 馃槉	review_date"
"The skirt is great material and looks exactly like the picture. However	 I wish I had ordered a small. I'm typically a 9-11 in pants and a medium/large is big on me.	review_date"
"Way way way too small and cheaply made.	review_date"
"only for the bedroom	review_date"
"Fits comfortably with room to spare.	review_date"
"Super Sexy!	review_date"
"I really liked it but wouldn't use it out side my house ! Husband loves order a size up and it's all good I orderd a xl I'm 5.5\ 155""	review_date"
"Love it.  True to size!	review_date"
"Well made. I thought I would have fit one size down	 but I did not. When I purchased a larger size it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Fun!	review_date"
"This skirt was so cheaply made	 as I was trying it on for the first time	 although more than big	 the zipper got stuck	 when I tried to zipper it back down	 the zipper ripped right thru the skirt	 splitting it in half. So I guess it's now a table runner.The sellers said they'd send me a new one when I complained to them about the issues but I never got one.	review_date"
"The waist is huge!	review_date"
"Perfect fit and looks great!	review_date"
"Cute! They run big	 but I hemmed it.	review_date"
"Very short and sexy. My husband loves it!	review_date"
"Came with a giant hole on the seam. No where near the correct size.	review_date"
"Color is not as shown. Still cute	 just not as bold.	review_date"
"It's a cute skirt but order 2 sizes bigger	review_date"
"I gave it 3 stars because the sizing is way off. I have a 30\ natural waistline (across belly button) and 40\"" hips and went with xxl because most said its runs very small and I wanted to wear it lower	 on my hips. It's tight across my natural waist and there's zero stretch so I can't pull it down. I'm keeping it because I needed it that night so I just slapped a corset over it to hide the halfway unzipped zipper. Other than that	 it's great fabric and the pattern is cute. If your waist and hips are the same width	 then go for it!""	review_date"
"Super cute and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"I am a size 10 jean and weight 155. I ordered XL based off of other reviews and I'm glad I did. This is a zip up side skirt and the length goes to right under the butt cheeks. It's kind of cheap quality but I'm just wearing it to please my man so who cares! The xl is a little loose but fits nice without giving me a muffin too or anything.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Usually a small and ordered a medium	 its a little bit loose	 but otherwise they'll do the trick.	review_date"
"Love it it's just a little to big in the waist. I might buy next size down next time.	review_date"
"This skirt fit great and is super cute. My bf loved it. Its did get a rip pretty easy but it is worth the money.	review_date"
"WAY TOO SMALL! About 2-3 sizes smaller than what you're use to	review_date"
"Didn't like the material will be sending it back	review_date"
"Way too big. Not as advertised. Not happy.	review_date"
"Way too small and not true to measurements at all. Very disappointed	review_date"
"Perfect size and prefect fit. Very happy with purchase	review_date"
"Like it	 what I expected	review_date"
"I usually wear a size 8 (or 29) in pants. I ordered this in a US L	 and it was way too big. Next time	 would order a US M.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Too small and a whole in the back. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Way too big around the waist	 but way too short.	review_date"
"Nice short	 did I say short	 skirt!  About 8 inches in length. Size XL or US Large - identified by the right hand column on Amazon ordering page is approximately a size 8-10 US Womens.  There is no flexibility other than zipper on skirt so sizing will matter.	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Great skirt--I am 32\ waist and 42\"" hips (around the widest part of my hips/butt) and the XXL was too large. It falls down a bit. I plan to sew it a little tighter--not going to bother with ordering a smaller size. It is a great	 sexy school girl skirt.""	review_date"
"Love it	 i wear a medium and this large fits perfect. Great for wearing to the club... And the husband loves the look on me	 very sexy.	review_date"
"This \skirt\"" is one of the mostly cheaply made items I have ever purchased.  I definitely returned the item.  It is not made for American women.  I am 5'6\"" 130 lbs and it was the equivalent of attempting to wear a handkerchief around my waist.""	review_date"
"Nice quality	 looks great on	review_date"
"Fit as expected. Great product- especially considering the price!	review_date"
"very pleased	review_date"
"ripped very easily i am very small and it was too small	review_date"
"I am normally a small and ordered a large. Perfect.	review_date"
"A lot shorter than I thought it would be	review_date"
"Material is nice but size is too big	review_date"
"Perfect and reasonably priced	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Perfect fit and looks amazing!  Great product for the price.	review_date"
"Unfortunately	 the entire height of the fabric is about 6 inches. Because I have a rear end	 even if I lower the skirt to my hips	 it doesn鈥檛 cover anything! I own scarves that cover more when I wrap it around me. Yes	 I realize this item was intended to be revealing	 but not to the point that it leaves no mystery. The material is also very poor quality \u0026 scratchy.	review_date"
"Fits great! And very speeds delivery!	review_date"
"Hem ripped and zipper non working. Not to size at all	review_date"
"I was careful to order a size that correctly fit my 32\ waist. It does. But	 barely. This skirt is INCREDIBLY too short!!!!! Thin material. Cheaply made. I DO NOT recommend waisting your time. Does not feel or look sexy at all in any way.""	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Overall good quality	 but even the smallest size (medium) is too big :/	review_date"
"Ordered an XL for my girlfriend and it was still small on her eve though she wears larges	review_date"
"like it	review_date"
"It arrive too big. Like the shipping fast	review_date"
"The product states that it runs small and that a medium is a US small. However I find this to be untrue.My wife ordered this. She is a size 4 which is typically a small.When we opened the product we laughed at how large it was. It was so large in fact that I (husband) was able to wear it and it was too big for me. I'm not a big guy	 my waist is a 32. So with that in mind be wary of the sizing when a 32 inch waist man can't wear the \US Small\"" because it's too large.""	review_date"
"Gorgeous \u0026 sexy. Perfect!	review_date"
"Perfect! Super cute! Quick shipping!	review_date"
"My cheerleader loved it.	review_date"
"Nice but too large	review_date"
"Horribly made. As soon as I put it on it tore	 and continued to tear as I wore it. The entire bottom of the skirt is hardly attached any more. And on top of that	 the zipper broke the first time I wore it	 I had to use clothes pins to keep it on.	review_date"
"This was all around bad.... Literally 3\ in length	 Velcro helped the skirt to fit wellin hips	 but it is made to rip off pretty easily. Also thin\u0026 cheap material with no stretch...""	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Had to return for being too small. I am a size 18-20 and it was no where near fitting size.	review_date"
"Sizing was horrible. Not even close to a US small as advertised. Has to return.	review_date"
"I'm a size 14 and I ordered the xxl. Fit well with a little extra room but it looked great. Boyfriend LOVED!	review_date"
"Quality feels ok but sizing is off. Even after going by their measurements (XL - US L 33.5 inch waist) it didn't even come close to zipping up on a 32 waist.	review_date"
"So cute I got a lot of compliments on the skirt. Ordered a medium it was a little big but had shorts underneath so they were fine.	review_date"
"The skirt was exactly what I was expecting	 however it is too small at the moment	 and doesn't have the option to buy a bigger size. I guess I will have to work down into it.	review_date"
"material is decent	 it isn't that super shiny stuff costumes are usually made out of	 but it's just insanely short. i have a moderate butt and even with booty shorts under it	 it just wasn't even long enough to look right. it looked silly. i did order it to wear on Halloween (out of the house) which is why the length was an issue.for reference	 i am 5'6	 135 size 5/7 or Medium.	review_date"
"I read all the reviews saying it runs large	 not true. It runs small. Cheap material	 it ripped when I tried it on. Nice print thats why it got 2 stars and fast shipping	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 good quality for the price. Size chart is accurate. Too short for wear in public! Wife looks SO hot in this!	review_date"
"Usually my girl orders XL cause it's comfortably loose but this is like 2 inches 2 big... The waist isn't stretchy at all so it won't form fit. Zipper on side.... She likes the stretchy ones.... I let her down :(	review_date"
"Runs 2 sizes small and very poor construction. It ripped when trying to adjust the zipper to a less noticeable spot.	review_date"
"This looks like someone took a rectangle and put a seam in it	 no shape	 extremely large.  I could probably fit two of me in it.	review_date"
"I would not recommend buying this skirt. The fabric is thin and very wrinkly. I bought this and it fit perfectly but as soon as I zipped it up the zipper broke! I didn't even get to wear it once. I like the length but if you have a bigger bottom it will not cover it up at all. Gets to stars because it looks like the picture but thats about it.	review_date"
"REALLY cute. I'm a 12/14	 and this skirt fits perfectly and is very flattering.	review_date"
"The XL was a little too big. I pulled it down to my hips. It's very sexy with a red bra.	review_date"
"Terrible quality	review_date"
"Awesome skirt no the BEST quality came detached from seam. Item was returned due to arriving damaged.	review_date"
"I even bought two sizes bigger	 and the skirt was still too small.	review_date"
"perfect fit and my hips are 36\ I'm a size 2""	review_date"
"low quality	 no ability to adjust size	review_date"
"Skirt was way too small. Not even close. Had to return it	review_date"
"stupid small. maybe made for teens - NOT women.	review_date"
"Very	 very	 very short! Not to be worn outside the house.	review_date"
"weird looking skirt and so small and short	review_date"
"Ordered an XL	 and it is the size of a medium.	review_date"
"Just got this and tried it on. Fits as expected and will be a fun skirt.	review_date"
"Cute as can be 鈾♀櫋鈾♀櫋	review_date"
"Normally a size 16 ordered a 2XL and can't even get it over my thighs.	review_date"
"I ordered a size medium but it did not fit at all. It looked two times bigger in size. Disappointed.	review_date"
"I ordered my size and it was to big....  its waaaay shorter than the picture and the zipper jammed on the first wear.... other than that great quality.	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Way	 way smaller than described. It was pretty much a garter and I'm not overly large. Would probably be a good dress for a doll or someone with no butt.	review_date"
"It was too large. I went by the sizing guide and it was too large. I'd go a size down if your purchasing it.	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"I ordered a size larger than I normally am because of the other posts.  Man is this thing small.  Maybe 2 sizes would have been better	review_date"
"I'm 5'1'' and weigh 110 lbs. Bought the smallest size available which is the M. The waist was too big and the length was too short. Don't buy if you're a super petite girl.	review_date"
"Cheap fabric	 smaller than Amazon's size requirement for a 2x. Had to send it back. Return process was very easy though. I suppose that's thanks to Amazon though.	review_date"
I read all the reviews and was a bit nervous about the fit. I'm 5'5\ and 120 lbs. the fit was still too big around the waist 
"The skirt itself is half as short as what the picture shows. It doesn鈥檛 even cover the ass.	review_date"
"Nice material and just the right length (if you get what I mean). She likes to prance around wearing it paired with white thigh highs and heels	  Very satisfied with this one.	review_date"
"When I ordered the skirt the option said L= US M	 but it was not a medium. It was a true large and fits way too big.	review_date"
"Thanks. Amazing skirt. My wife and me love it.	review_date"
"Size chart is not helpful since it鈥檚 not accurate	review_date"
"I wish it was a little more fitted at the top but definitely go up a size.	review_date"
"I ordered up like others said but this lays on my waist and didn't even cover my cheeks very much. Then again I've got pretty wide hips. Looked silly	 not sexy. Actual skirt was much shorter in length than the picture. Looking for a slight peek a boo	 not full exposure.	review_date"
"la cremayera se rompio enseguida	review_date"
"Super cute but I wish it was big enough!	review_date"
"Way too shorttt !! But it's kinda cute	review_date"
"Not like anything in picture	 way too small and short.	review_date"
"This skirt is made all sorts of strange. The waist is made for someone who is apple shaped I guess. The length is made for someone with no booty?I got a medium and my 36 inch HIPS couldn't keep the thing up even. Yet half of my bottom was showing. My waist is 29 inches and I wear a size 4 normally. Material was good. Design was good. It's just it made for normal measurements.	review_date"
"Too big...	review_date"
"It was just a little snug	review_date"
"Way smaller then size stated!	review_date"
"Ordered my size and it was WAY to snug. Wouldn't even zip.	review_date"
"This is cheap quality but worst of all	 it's so tiny it doesn't cover your backside at all. I've had scarves with more coverage than this \skirt.\""""	review_date"
"Ordered and ended up being way to large. It said US Large and I either lost a bunch of weight unknowingly or it was just to large. I returned it easily. Also the fabric is very thin	review_date"
"It is cute. Tiny.  Bought it to wear for Halloween	 didn't realize this was actually lingerie.  That was ok	 still liked it	 but the zipper didn't work.  My husband had to zip it up for me with tweezers and it was very difficult.  Only got to wear it once.	review_date"
"Way to small and I'm not a big girl...	review_date"
"I asked for M/L and what I received was M I was really disappointed	review_date"
"ITS OK IF YOU CAN FIGURE OUT THE CORRECT SIZE	 I DID NOT AND SENT IT BACK. ALSO IT IS EXTREMELY SHORT.	review_date"
"Item was smaller than their sizing chart said.	review_date"
"Fits in the waist	 but the length is WAY too short.	review_date"
"Ordered a medium got a XL. Cheaply made	review_date"
"cheaply made. not worth more than $2.	review_date"
"Fits good in the waist but it is really short.	review_date"
"The sizing was totally incorrect. I could fit two of me in this skirt. Didn't come with return label either.	review_date"
"The pleats do not stay pleated very well	review_date"
"Did not realize that the sizing was not \normal\"" sizing.  Runs	 very small.""	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"This skirt motivates me to do my workout harder. I ordered the size M (US S) and it fits good. I know it fits good on me but I still wanna workout so I'll be confident to wear it. This is really short and sexy. Perfect for Halloween costumes and parties. This skirt is so revealing that when you try to bend or pick up something	It'll show your behind. It is true to color and is well made. It has a zipper on it's side. I didn't see any loose threads and the stitchings are well sewn.I received this product at a discount or free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"The skirt is a decent quality and seems very sexy. My boyfriend and I enjoyed playing with it	 and we鈥檇 like to share our thoughts on it that you may like to consider before buying. This is one really hot piece of costume kit and I love that it is so short on me. I'm 5'2 and it's short on me	 not that my boyfriend complained. We had great fun playing naughty schoolgirl and irresponsible teacher with it. The schoolgirl was very poorly behaved	 bending over and flashing her sexy knickers to me. Whenever I bent over ever so slightly	 it was a real tease with the vertical pleats of the skirt lifting it up	 accentuating my cheeks that began to reveal themselves to my boyfriend from under the skirt. Then	 of course	 it was his obligated duty as the teacher to discipline the naughty schoolgirl that bent right over in front of him	 in a deliberate attempt to seduce me! Very quickly she learnt her lesson. Oh yeah	 and it is very easy to rip off.The material is of reasonably okay quality	 the same quality as most costumes. It is made of 65% Cotton + 35% Polyester and is surprisingly comfortable and not abrasive on my skin. So if you want to wear it in public	 aside from the fact that doing so may be rather inappropriate	 you may wish to include a safety pin. The vertical pleats of the skirt are very sturdy	 staying in shape really well. The skirt is constructed rather simply	 when undone and laid flat on a table	 it is completely rectangular.Whilst we don鈥檛 imagine the skirt will get frequent enough use to warrant washing very often	 we figure someone may like to know how it would handle a machine wash	 so we鈥檝e tested that out for you! Washing the skirt in a bag for delicate items	 with the Velcro stuck together	 on a hand wash cycle	 was a success. We took the skirt out of the machine straight after the wash	 found that the velcro held itself together and therefore didn鈥檛 damage any fabric by pulling at it	 then we hung it up to dry using a hanger with clips on the waist-band to dry indoors in a vertical position. The pleats maintained themselves with no need for pressing with an iron. I ironed on a very low temperature and through a pressing cloth. We found it was easy enough to press the pleats. We suspect if you left it in the machine after a wash without taking it out straight away to hang	 or if you didn鈥檛 treat or store the skirt well	 then maybe you might have to spend a bit of time re-pressing the pleats. Because of the flat/rectangular construction	 you could press it quite easily when laid flat along an ironing board	 unlike a regular pleated skirt.The price seems reasonable	 but not amazing value considering the simplicity	 albeit decent quality of the skirt. So we suggest that this is probably more suited to someone wanting to expand their schoolgirl costume options.For full disclosure	 I received this item at a discounted price or for free in return for my honest and unbiased review after using the product. I am not influenced by the seller to leave a review other than what I honestly believe it should receive. I hope that you have found this review helpful and feel free to ask any questions. I will do my best to answer them.	review_date"
"I like the style and the color because it is the same as shown in the picture. I am small but I ordered medium because I thought it will fit on me perfect  but I was wrong because it is a little bit big. But I can still wear it. It's is very cute lingerie skirt and made of very high end materials.  If you are small you should stick what on your size so it will fit on you. Disclaimer : I received the product with discount in exchange of my honest and unbiased review. The above statement is true and accurate based upon my actual use of this product.	review_date"
"Better quality than expected! Slightly larger than expected tho...	review_date"
"Very cute little skirt for role play. Don鈥檛 size up. I did and it was huge	 so I reordered. Waist 29	 hips 38鈥揼ot an xl鈥攗s l and it is falling off of me. I鈥檓 ordering an l鈥攗s m and hopefully that will fit better.	review_date"
"Omg just arrived in today and now I don't know what to do because it's to small. I normally wear a large so I got an extra large just to make sure it fits if anything I can always hem it up well it's to small I don't know where the measurement came from but doesn't fit and now I don't know what to do with it. Waste of money	review_date"
"I ordered this sexy little skirt to go with my \school girl outfit\"". I love it. It's super short and fun. It's made of good quality material. It's soft to touch.  I typically wear a medium by US sizing so I ordered this skirt in a large and it fits great.  Thank you AvidLove!! I can't wait to order again. I'm always so pleased with AvidLove products!""	review_date"
"Cute	 but very cheaply made.  Ok for dress up I guess.  I bought another pleated skirt from Avidlove over the summer that was a heavier fabric and better made.  Will return this one.	review_date"
"I love the fit	 material	 length and look of this dress.  I am 5'3\ and wear a size 12.  I bought a large and the dress fits perfect.  If you are a size 14 it may be tight. The length for my height is right at the bottom of my knee which I love. This dress was ordered to take on a trip which it will pack great yet can be worn casual or dress up if needed.""	review_date"
"Do not hesitate to purchase this dress. It is even more beautiful in person. It arrived today and I put it right on	 the fit and look is absolutely gorgeous. The color combination made of the cotton material is beautiful. This dress is very light	 airy	 comfortable and flowwy. This has been the best purchase I have made from Amazon in a long time. I cannot express how well this dress is made and how well it looks on. I am going to be purchasing again from this company because of the quality	 beauty and comfort of this dress. I literally am impressed with the value of such a well made dress. Use the suggested size guide and you will find the perfect fit. I highly recommend this dress	 if i could give it ten stars it would certainly meet a ten star recommendation. I just wish my pictures were better.	review_date"
"I have been eyeing this dress on Amazon for a couple years now. There are other companies that offer this dress and the reviews were awful - the sizing was way off	 the material was cheap and too sheer so I held off buying it. After reading the positive reviews for this company	 I decided to finally buy it. Clearly	 the company that made this version must have read bad reviews	 took note and made this dress as it should be. The colors are gorgeous (I have the orange	 yellow and grey) but they do seem to be a bit brighter in the picture. That's fine though	 I like that's it not too bright. It isn't as flowy as the picture but	 come on	 it's a picture so I'm not expecting perfection. The sizing is accurate and I would recommend this dress!  I bought the medium and I am 5.9	 135lbs	 34C	 and have an athletic build. I hope that helps for anyone wondering about sizing.	review_date"
"Such a lovely nightgown	soft and comfortable . It has great quality too.	review_date"
"In love with this garment! This is so soft	 fits very well	 sizing is accurate	 I got a small	 I weight 135	 and I am 5'7	 and its tight and comfortable	 might want to size up if you like things to feel loose	 straps can be adjusted 	 fabric is very soft	 lace design is impeccable	 love that I got this and have enjoyed it! Comes in its own bag to keep it nice as well!	review_date"
"I am about layering	 this rain jacket  is perfect! Fits perfectly	 I can wear a hoodie underneath if it's real cold out	 but by itself is good for just a rainy day. I don't mind getting wet	 just don't want to be soaked to the bone and this jacket protects me from getting soaked. It's really cute too!	review_date"
"Its shorter than expected	 also the tag is very irritating. Its placed under the left shoulder and it's small and sharp. It actually really hurts	 I'm not sure I can even remove it	 let alone whether that would really fix the problem. Other than that it is cute	 and soft. Havent decided if I will try to exchange or alter it. Maybe a larger size wont have the tag problem? But then it might not be as flattering and form fitting....	review_date"
"I have tried countless lingerie items similar to this and this one - by far - is my favorite.  It鈥檚 beautiful	 it鈥檚 crazy soft	 the lace detailing is gorgeous	 the color is vibrant.  I am 5鈥?0鈥? 150 lbs	 36D \u0026 the large fit perfectly. Straps are adjustable so you鈥檒l get however much support you want. I highly recommend.	review_date"
"It's a beautiful dress.  Somewhat BIG I bought an XL and I'm a 14-16.  Thin material but you can wear a slip underneath and bandeau for the top part!  Great dress!	review_date"
"Tried to go by size chart	 but it was too small in the hips. Not really an 鈥淎-line鈥?cut. Contacted seller for an exchange or refund and they gave me most of my money back and said to keep it. The material is really soft and comfy. Go up one size more than you think you need to.	review_date"
"This night gown is SUPER comfortable. The straps adjust easily and the gown has cute lace detail all over. I usually wear a large and this large is slightly loose (which I MUCH prefer over tight!). I鈥檝e washed and dried it and all went well. For the price this is an excellent purchase!!!	review_date"
"Very pretty. Super soft material. Flattering fit. Will be buying in additional colors.	review_date"
"Nice design	 cut perfectly	 quality material. Beautiful bright yellow color for those spring showers that this jacket protects you from.I got lots of compliments from friends and strangers. The fit is as described on the size chart so its perfect.	review_date"
"I ordered a small and it was too large for me.  I loved it though because it is very silky and soft.  I am 5鈥?鈥?and 120lbs.  I got ahold of the seller and they pointed me to one that would fit.  They were so friendly and helpful.	review_date"
"Not as long as it is on the model. And the chest area was way too small. 3 stars because it does look just like the picture.	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy dress. Great style and fit very well. A great holiday gift for your significant other!	review_date"
"Fits as expected. Size medium	 I am 5鈥? and 120lbs.	review_date"
"Perfect dress for my 12 yr. old daughter who fits perfectly in womens clothingn but still needs to look like a beautiful young woman.	review_date"
"Love it. The size fit to perfection. Go by your bust size.	review_date"
"Dress is attractive. Bodice is a little bulky with the pleats. Placed a discreet tack where the two pieces come together so that my daughter didn't \fall out\"" of the dress""	review_date"
"My daughter loved the jacket!  Looks cute	fits great! The sleeves are slightly long	 but she does have rather short arms!!	review_date"
"This dress is so cute.  I got so many compliments.  It held up when washed but I hung it to dry rather than drying in the dryer	 but I do this with most of my knits.	review_date"
"Great soft material	 not see through and was long enough	 I am 5\8 and dresses are a challenge for me.Thanks""	review_date"
"Great for the price	review_date"
"Very pretty and comfortable. Hubby likes it too	review_date"
"No comment	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"It served its purpose...my husband was all too thrilled with it.	review_date"
"Was a little nervous buying but it fits my daughter perfectly!	review_date"
"Run small	review_date"
"Love the dress	 ordered one size too large based on feedback--can't wait to get the next size down so I can wear it. Super fun and cute dress. Good quality/well-made. A great deal for the price!	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Hermoso	review_date"
"Very soft material	 even the lace.  I bought it because I cannot wear pajamas or long night gowns but don't like to be completely bare either.  This fits the bill perfectly.  Surprisingly comfortable.  Great purchase@	review_date"
"It works and is comfy.	review_date"
"Ordered a medium and is way to small.	review_date"
"great color and fit	review_date"
"soft and super sexy i would buy in multiple colors.	review_date"
"Gift	review_date"
"Nice material and fits as expected!	review_date"
"The fabric is very soft. My daughter really likes this dress with a little sweater. The colors are vibrant. The length on my 5'3\ girl are just below her knees.  I'm satisfied and will probably reorder again.""	review_date"
"Lightweight and fits wells.	review_date"
"A tad larger in the arms	 but then again I am also petite. Other than that very good!	review_date"
"Nice soft material	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Great dress but fits large. I'm 5\3'	 135lbs	 34B	 ordered a M.""	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks great	review_date"
"I wear a size 12 and an XL is comfy but not tight. Soft fabric and nice quality.	review_date"
"Super soft and cozy	review_date"
"The dress is beautiful and fit as expected.	review_date"
"Love this. Very nice	review_date"
"I love this dress it's so comfortable and I received a lot of compliments	review_date"
"I liked it but the bra cup area had a big white blotch of thread sewn into the seam that should have been caught during quality control inspection.	review_date"
"I really like it but it's a little on the smaller side.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"My wife loved it	review_date"
"To much money for a cheap night gown	review_date"
"Beautiful dress good material. I am only disappointed that I can't wear it more often.	review_date"
"Wore it as my wedding dress.	review_date"
"To small!!  I ordered two sizes bigger and it still was to small!!	review_date"
"This is a truly beautiful dress. Fits me just right	review_date"
"Omg so Comfy and sexy huge winner!!	review_date"
"I love the cut and the fit!	review_date"
"Very soft.	review_date"
"Recieved different product brands	review_date"
"Very nice fits and covers as expected	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Great light weight coat for the price! Fits as expected	review_date"
"Somewhat thin. But comfy.	review_date"
"I love this Dress	 I wear it around the house and if I have to go out	 it's beautiful enough to go out in public in. I am 5'6\	 165 lbs and am very busty and this size fit perfect!  It fits exactly as it should.""	review_date"
"This dress is beautiful! I love it! The fit and feel are amazing.	review_date"
"LOVE IT!	review_date"
"super cute	 my favorite! for big boob like mine just wear a black bra with it	review_date"
"Okay ladies I wear a size 44C	 a 22 in jeans	 \u0026 a 2x/3x in shirts! First off	 I opened the package and had a mini heart attack because it said soze XL and panic ensued due to my being like twice that size! After putting it on I鈥檓 somewhat sure it鈥檚 the XXXL and it actually wasn鈥檛 all that bad! It was flattering enough for me to want to keep it but I guess because I鈥檝e NEVER worn anything like this in my lifetime (I鈥檓 suuuuper self conscious) I didn鈥檛 like it on me solely because it was out of my comfort zone and so it took some time to get used to. Aside from that it looked very pretty	 felt super soft and comfy	 and it flattered my chest! The only 2 issues I have are that it鈥檚 not as long as depicted (but that鈥檚 probably due to my body shape and size so I get everyone鈥檚 different) and that it鈥檚 not as stretchy as a.) mentioned in both the review section and the info provided said  \u0026 b.) I thought it鈥檇 be. All that (and an encouraging pep talk to myself that I don鈥檛 look insane) aside I love this and I鈥檓 excited to wear it in the future!!	review_date"
"i normally wear an xl/xxl - reading through many of the posts /questions i went with an xxxl and the boob part was too small which was a little disappointing but it is on its way back and i'm just a little leery of re-ordering . since i did think it was a good price	 	 and had it fit	 it would have been comfortable as the fabric /lace is fairly soft and wasnt scratchy	 and it is pretty so still giving it 4stars for all that.  =)  ( 5'8 	 223lbs	 40D)	review_date"
"Other than me being a mom of 3 and still losing some weight and large chested	 this fit great!  I have tried a lot of lingerie where my chest looks awful because of no support.  Though this one as well has no support	 I felt more comfortable in it. The length is nice	 and I LOVE the plunging neck line.Disclaimer: I received this product at a discounted/promotional price in exchange for my truthful and unbiased review. The seller plays no part nor influences any part of my review. This review is based on my experience with the product.	review_date"
"I didn't expect much but was pleasantly surprised by this outfit. it's very flattering and makes me feel very comfortable!I'm 5'8\	 175lbs	 a C cup and wear a 12-14 in clothes"
"PRO:Fabric is soft and good quality.CONS:Sizing runs VERY small.  I'm 5'4\ and typically buy XL.  I bought the 3XL...and it fits but not the way it should.  The model in the product image must be very short because this does not come down long enough to cover the front at all.  It falls a couple inches below my belly button.  The image also shows the bottom part as having romantic flowy pleats...but it doesn't.""	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and extra top heavy.  I found this extra short (T-shirt length).  It seems longer in the photo	 but it is not.  I guess that is ok if you want that look.  It did not seem to hang correctly on my body though	 again it is just ok.  I did not expect any	 but be aware there is no support in the top"
"I found that this item was actually true to size	 and I followed the advice of many others that said that it fits a little small. I should鈥檝e gotten a smaller  size than the one I did	 I got a large. I am 5鈥?鈥?and 168 pounds	 34DD	 I should鈥檝e gotten a medium. The g string fit fine	 though! It is sexy	 my man definitely appreciated this item	 the main piece would have been better a little tighter.	review_date"
"I'm very satisfied with my purchase. It came on time and fit me well. Lingerie is hard for me to find because I'm very busty. The halter gave my girls lots of support	 did have lots of side boob spillage and still looked great.	review_date"
"This product was absolutely beautiful! The fabric is great quality. Its sewn with accurate measurements	 and straight lines. The lace is stretchy so I think that can be helpful for ranging chest sizes. It's very slimming also	 I was surprised. I'm 7 months pregnant and you could hardley tell. Overall I loved it!	review_date"
"Definitely small on the boobs	 so beware ladies. I ordered a 1X and wear a bra size of 38DDD	review_date"
"I got a size up from what I usually wear	 expecting that my XXL	 which I have to wear because of my breasts	 would be slightly too small. I was correct in assuming this	 and a 3XL was perfect for me. It was a little bigger on the belly area	 but I was comfortable in it. I love this! It's just as expected	 and makes me feel beautiful!!	review_date"
"My girlfriend said she would wear lingerie if I bought her some. I tested that theory and she hasn't worn this thing once since I bought it about 2 months ago. smh	review_date"
"My 1st price of lingerie and I love it. It hides my tummy and stretches to hold my breast. I feel very sexy in it. I am 5'8 and wear a size 18wide pants and a 38DD bra	 I did purchase a size up thx to the reviews	 so a 3x. For the price I was very happy 馃槉馃槉馃槉	review_date"
"Love this baby doll.  I have bought for the other ladies in my family baby doll nightie that did not come in my size simular to this one.  I love the style and the fit is perfect and comfy for big girls.Soft not stiff.  I comfy and sexy at the same time. Love it.	review_date"
"This babydoll lingerie fits nicely.  The halter straps are a tad longer than I personally need but the material is easy to alter to fit my needs.  I love the lace top with the flowy	 sheer mesh at the bottom!  It is comfortable to wear but still looks gorgeous!	review_date"
"By flimsy I don't mean lingerie material	 I mean much thinner and lightweight than I was expecting	 BUT the fit being correct helps this product greatly.  A lot of difficulty finding lingerie that doesn't make someone feel -- well -- not sexy.	review_date"
"Nothing like lingerie to make you feel sexy but comfortable at the same time. I love this material because it doesn鈥檛 feel heavy and the material is light so you will definitely sleep comfortably and make your husband continue loving you!	review_date"
"I love love love this gown!! I'm a xxl girl with a heavy top and this looks good on me!  I ordered the XXL and it fits perfect.  The neck band is wider so it doesn't cut into your neck and the top has support as well with the material.	review_date"
"Ordered for an upcoming special trip and was pleasantly suprised with how this fit and the softness of the material for the price! Flattering on a mon of two which is nice as not all lingerie is! I did size up per other reviewers but I think I could have stayed with my reg size as well!	review_date"
"Very soft and stretchy	 forgiving fabric. No support	 but I don鈥檛 think it鈥檚 supposed to. Beautiful rich color and very comfortable. Good length too. I have wide hips so I thought it might only cover half my butt	 but it fit the way it was supposed to. I think I ordered a size up though.	review_date"
"This is my second piece of lingerie from Razishun	 and I am as please with this one as I am with my first. The lace halter is soft and the whole piece is very flattering. I鈥檒l be looking for more in the future!	review_date"
"I love the material	 it is very soft and nice	 however the length is a bit shorter than the photo shows / than I expected.I read some reviews before ordering and decided to size up because of that	 but the length is still short	 hardly covers my butt.Definitely size up ladies	 I am usually XL but ordered 2XL but I hope I had chosen 3XL instead...	review_date"
"I loved how fast my lingerie got to me. It came in time for my vacation. I am not very confident with my body but this lingerie was perfect on me. It was very flattering and made me feel very sexy. My husband complimented how much he loved it. I would definitely say if you are looking for some lingerie and are not comfortable with your body	 definitely get this! You won't regret it!	review_date"
"Very sexy piece that will help add a little something extra to your night. I have a large chest so sized up one so the waist part is a little loose but still fits just fine. It鈥檚 soft and the color is amazing!	review_date"
"Ran about 1-2 sizes too small.  The bottom of it was soft.  The \g string\"" was very tiny and I never could figure out which direction was the leg holes LOL - I don't typically wear g strings.""	review_date"
"I ordered a size larger but still on the small side.  I can wear the nightie and love the feel of the fabric. Nice and flowy and confortable.	review_date"
"Thank you so much Amazon!!!! I truly couldn鈥檛 see myself walking to a Lingerie store to buy something like this for my wife. Very very happy with my purchase. Beautiful lingerie and very good quality. Love the price too !!	review_date"
"Cheap material	 barely any actually. But it wasn't awful. Probably wouldn't buy again.	review_date"
"This is really pretty.  It feels nice on.  Hubby likes it and so do I.  I really am pleased with this purchase.  This is high quality and really beautiful.  Fits as expected.	review_date"
"Great material. Wife likes the feel of it on her skin. Came just a little big but fit pretty good. I like the way it look when worn. Normal the wife wants to wear something that supports her	 but this helped her relax some. We both are enjoying it.	review_date"
"Nice fabric and the cut is very flattering for women like me with a bigger chest who are also apple shaped. I'm thinking about getting the black one as well.	review_date"
"Super cute!! Runs alittle small so get a size or two bigger but other than that it's comfortable and makes me look sexy! Hubby is going to love it!	review_date"
"Super soft	 not itchy lace. Love the halter and low back design. I ordered safe and got a large	 returned for a medium- really easy return and re-purchase procedure. The medium was a perfect fit!	review_date"
"Okay so I saw all the great reviews and was like	 no way can this be as good as they say it is. But hey it was pretty cheap and I wanted something to see if I could feel sexy. This makes me feel sexy AND comfortable. And the delivery was so fast!! Also it fits perfectly. I'm about 5'4 240lbs and I have a 42B bust and I ordered the 3x just to be safe. It. Is. Perfect. Just buy it.	review_date"
"Super cute. Fabric is soft.  You cannot be rough with this as the fabric is delicate. The details are nice and the stitching is well made.  I would say it fits as expected to a little large.  Do not order the next size up if you are unsure. Stick with your normal size.	review_date"
"From a Man's point of view - I am of few words....WOWZERS!!!!!  Beautiful!!!!!From my GF's point of view:Pros:  very comfortable	 breathable	 and soft (lace is not scratchy!)And because she has implants - we ordered on the larger size.  So it fits perfectly!!CON:  had some string/thread that had to be trimmed.The CON did not warrant giving anything less than 5 stars!!	review_date"
"This halter nightie is adorable and comfortable. It comes with a \thong\""- that	 to me	 was worthless. I bought it 09/2017. I wore it infrequently	 MAYBE twice a month. By the middle of 12/2017 there was a hole where my left nipple was. 5 wears and the benefit of my man enjoying it was worth the price. Just be aware that you get what you pay for.""	review_date"
"Very cute ! It feels tight around the neck	  but has stretch to it. I ordered a XL 	 it was true to size. The \undies\"" that come with it didn't fit way too small. I knew that 	 so I bought other sexy undies to go with it. My DH. Liked it!""	review_date"
"The lingerie is beautiful with a perfect fit	 but the panty part was a little laughable because they covered nothing. Bought another panty to replace. Overall a great purchase!	review_date"
"I'm 5'7 and weight 233 lbs and the 3x fit perfectly! Husband was happy and so was I!very soft!	review_date"
"I bought this for a friends lingerie shower and she loved it. It is more beautiful than the picture.  Margie Hart	review_date"
"I ordered a XXX and was shocked of how tiny it was when it arrived! My girls did not fit in this at all! The waist was also super small and tight! Dress was also very short not as shown on the picture.	review_date"
"I loved the red color. It made me feel like a nighty snow white. Wow. My husband definitely appreciated it!	review_date"
"I am usually a large bottom and an XL top. I ordered a 2XL and it fits perfect	 very comfortable and flattering. I havent washed it yet to know how well it holds up but I'll try to edit my review once I do.	review_date"
"This item is absolutely beautiful it is exactly as the seller described. Shipping was fast it arrived earlier than I expected and that was a plus. It is very well made there was nothing that I had a problem with. In my opinion this would be in addition to anyone's lingerie collection. Also I think that it is for all body types as long as you follow the sizing guide.	review_date"
"I was pretty disappointed in this item after reading all the great reviews. The skirt seemed way too small compared to the picture	 and the halter top wasn't tight enough to really offer any support. I tried it on	 and then put it away. I won't be wearing it.	review_date"
"Cute. No support in the chest area. Was to big up top so I had to do some sewing.	review_date"
"Love how soft the lace is and the trim at the bottom! The bow was a little much for me so I just clipped the stitching and boom! I did not like the underwear that came with it. It is true red! Not much support for the girls either but that鈥檚 to be expected with this type of neckline.	review_date"
"Nice and smooth fabric. Fits as expected. Looks stunning. Great value for money. Very impressed. Recommend it. Enough said.	review_date"
"This was surprisingly good quality for the cost. The bust area was just a little too large which led me to return the item	 but had it fit I would have been very happy with it. The fabric was very soft and the color was exactly as it looked in the picture. I was looking for something inexpensive to try out but was very surprised at how nice this was for such a low cost.	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife and she loves it.  Fits as expected.  She is a size 8-10 and is very slender.  Looks absolutely gorgeous on her.	review_date"
"I bought it as a gift and it was worth the money. It fits well.	review_date"
"Horrible sizing...I ordered a sz 2x came with a 2x tag and is about a small to medium junior girls sz. Extremely poor quality materials as well	review_date"
"This one was small for the size that I ordered.  Very snug around the neck. Not a comfortable fit for big breast.	review_date"
"Quality is great! I'm a big girl and it looks so good on me!	review_date"
"very comfortable to sleep in and my man really loves it on me.	review_date"
"Very nice fit lovely what more can I say	review_date"
"Fit exactly as expected and is very flattering. The G-string... well I couldn't figure out the front from the side and it just seems like a waste so I use my own fancy pants with it.  I would totally purcahse again.	review_date"
"I absolutely love I own this in purple and red great quality for such a great price I鈥檓 a size 38f and have zero complaints	review_date"
"This was a gift given to a bride at her lingerie shower. It was great quality and she lived it	review_date"
"I read the reviews and ordered one size up than I normally wear. I love it	 and so does my boyfriend. Supports my top half	 and is a perfect length on my 5'3 frame.	review_date"
"Perfect fit	 beautiful color and very comfy!	review_date"
"I love it! Very sexy.  My husband loves it too.  Too bad it didn't come with a g string.  It would be perfect then!	review_date"
"The material was nice and the item looks like the picture just not true to size.I got a size bigger then I would normally buy and the item didn鈥檛 fit properly	review_date"
"Super worth the price! Cute and not bad material	review_date"
"the length is shorter than expected. I bought the 3x after reading the reviews(usually a 2x	 5'3) and I'll have to adjust the halter to make it smaller in the top. If I went a size down the skirt would barely go past my butt. Other than that	 very cute	review_date"
"Bought this for my wife	 fit extremely well. I took the other reviews into consideration and bought the size up and it was spot on.	review_date"
"Love this!! I wasn鈥檛 sure what to expect since the price is so affordable but it is SO soft and sexy! The material is very silky and well made! Fit as I expected which is always good! A great deal for the price and will be buying more similar items by this seller soon!	review_date"
"Very nice fitting and doesnt hug where you dont want it to. Sizing was perfect.	review_date"
"Fits great	and loved the way I felt in it	with my few extra pounds.	review_date"
"Def no support if you're heavy heavy chested. The nightie fit perfectly	 but the panties were a bit snug. Overall	 I'm very happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Nice material as all the stuff i order at amazon. Its very confort.	review_date"
"Looks like it could have been cute and most reviews said true to size but it was too small - order a size up	review_date"
"馃憤馃徑馃憤馃徑馃憤馃徑	review_date"
"Just as lovely as the picture and will turn the head of my husband faster than anything.	review_date"
"Cute. No frills or strings or clasps to get hung up on. Slips on and off easily. Halter top is lacy not super supportive but I didn't exactly buy it to run around in so :-)	review_date"
"It's cute and looks as explained I felt like it was flimsy and not very exciting haha but it's simple and basic and for the price it can't be beat.. and it's not meant to stay on for long anyway	 right?!	review_date"
"Thanks to the many customer reviews that helped to guide my size selection....I got a perfect fit! I decided to get the 3xl in both a white and a red and they fit as expected. Beautiful!	review_date"
"too small never got a chance to return	review_date"
"Really cute but a bit small. Would probably buy a size larger than I wear.	review_date"
"If you have small boobs	 it will be awesome. No good for large ones!  Not flattering at all.	review_date"
"The deep V-neck is nice.  I love the halter style with open back. I would buy it for my friends too.	review_date"
"Great fit and price!	review_date"
"Great Qaulity	 after reading reviews I went a size up and it is to big. I am 5'2 180 with size 36 G Bra. I got an extra large and it's to big around and the neckline is to long.	review_date"
"fit as expected and achieved desired results	review_date"
"Very pretty and affordable.	review_date"
"Bra- 40DDD	 shirt-16	 pants-14. I ordered an XL and it fits perfectly and it's so freaking cute!	review_date"
"Really pretty and sexy to wear	review_date"
"Ordered this for my girlfriend. She's a BBW and wears a 1X - 2X	 Ordered it in 3X just in case and it was way too small. I'm disappointed and so is she 馃槶 Loved the design just wish it fitted. She ended up giving it to a friend who wears a medium and it fits perfectly...	review_date"
"I love this as a night shirt.  But what too short for. Nights for me	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5ft and 170 and the large fit fine. Maybe a little big but I鈥檇 order the same size again. If you actually know your measurements and are not guessing you鈥檒l be fine	review_date"
"Super cute fabric and a great fit! I got a medium and I'm 5'4\ 125 lbs. Very affordable and worth the price. Fast shipping!""	review_date"
"fits real nice.  Even makes a larger women feel sexy.	review_date"
"This fit true to size for me. They quality was very nice for the price. I wash on gentle and hang dry or hand wash. I am very pleased.	review_date"
"I own this in several colors. They are great for me because I'm plus size but not very endowed in the chest area (lol) They are way more sheer than the picture shows but it's very sexy.	review_date"
"Was really impressed with the quality	review_date"
"The only problem I had was that the product smelled like mildew when it was opened...I promptly washed it and it still smells funny. I'm going to wash it with baking soda this afternoon...	review_date"
"These are cute for the price. They don't offer much support if you're big busted. That's to be expected with most lingerie though.	review_date"
"This is not even worth a penny! Awful	 cheap	 unflattering piece of crap. Ladies	 please save your money and use it towards a better one.	review_date"
"Very pretty!	review_date"
"I have never purchased lingerie before so I wanted to try something new to spice things up with my husband. It fits perfectly	 it is soft	 flowy and very revealing! This is going to be a nice Valentine's day surprise for him!	review_date"
"This peice is BEAUTIFUL and soo comfortable! I read the reviews and saw that I should order a size up which I did and it fits PERFECTLY!!!	review_date"
"This nightie is a knockout!  Fit perfectly and hubby loved it too!!!	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"Good  thank you	review_date"
"not true to size	review_date"
"Very cheaply made	review_date"
"This item is complete trash. It does not run true to size and the material feels cheap. I wish I could give it negative stars. Needless to say valentines would have been ruined if I wouldn鈥檛 have gotten a backup.	review_date"
"Does not come close to matching normal sizing. Waste of my money and I do not recommend!!  Not worth your money!	review_date"
"Great other than size. I normally wear size L bought at 3XXXL and still to small	review_date"
"Very sexy hot hot	review_date"
"She loved the way it fit.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a size 16/18 and I ordered the 3X. After trying it on	 I think I should have gone with the 2X. I鈥檓 still pleased with it overall. The color is beautiful	 and the lace is very feminine. I feel sexy in it.	review_date"
"Even after washing the colour kept coming out of this item.My white sheets were pink!	review_date"
"Looked great on my wife	 size was perfect!	review_date"
"This was surprisingly pretty good. Moderate quality	 but better than my expectations! I normally wear a US size 22 and I got the 3x and it fits perfectly. Not a whole lot of support up top	 but that wasn't a huge issue. Nice color	 nice fit	 I'm impressed.	review_date"
awesomely sexy and easy to get on and off quickly! 
"Very cheaply made but Order a size up and tell your man to be gentle and you'll be okay.  Cheaply made. Mine also shipped without the panties.	review_date"
"Definitely runs small. Very small. If you are larger up top	 there is no support. It is very pretty	 just not on me.	review_date"
"Makes me feel beautiful and sexy. My hubby bought this for me and I love it. It's so soft and pretty馃挏	review_date"
"Cute for what it is.	review_date"
"Fit just right as expected wife likes it a lot	review_date"
"It's soft	 comfortable and flattering. Everything I could want in a pretty piece like this!	review_date"
"way too small for xxxl!	review_date"
"Beautiful fabric and color. I want to order in more colors! Fit me a little big but I would say that's my fault because I wasn't sure what size I was.	review_date"
"Runs small. Ordered up one size still tight in breast area.	review_date"
"This dress fits and looks very cute and sexy. The thing I hate about it	 is that it left a red tint on my bedsheets.	review_date"
"Order a size up..... I usually wear 2xl but I ordered the 3xl in this..... I'm glad I did.... it fits nicely.... makes you feel sexy!	review_date"
"Low-quality ridiculously small cup size A for a plus size garment!!!	review_date"
"I had this for a year almost and I love this. I'm thick with DD 42. Makes the girls look good and I got LX.	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"smaller than I thought	review_date"
"Was a little small for a 3x and it had a old small like it been in the ware house to long but it was lovely	review_date"
"Looks good and feels soft.	review_date"
"Sexy and works well with big boobs	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"I'm pear-shaped. Would like an inch longer but otherwise PERFECT!	review_date"
"Very cheap material. Kinda scratchy! Was more of an orange red than red color.	review_date"
"LOVE IT	review_date"
"I'm surprized this looked so good one me!!! I have DD sized breasts	 and it held them up nicely.	review_date"
"Not happy with the elastic waistband	 which was unexpected	review_date"
"I like it	 but I have a 36DD/38C chest and I felt like I was sagging a bit when I wore it	 since there's not any underwire up top. It is pretty though. Very shear!!	review_date"
"The sizes are waaaay smaller than expected. I am a big woman and ecpect clothes to be snug so i ordered 2 sizes bigger than my dress size and still it was tight tight and not even close to long enough to cover anything.	review_date"
"material was ok not silky but what did you expect for the price.it was an eye catcher	review_date"
"This is lovely! Sexy and comfortable. Fits very well and makes me feel attractive.	review_date"
"Fits perfect	 but looks better on the model than me.	review_date"
"This was very	 very comfortable! I thought the lace halter would be a pain	 but it was so soft. I bought it in white	 size XXL	 and it was beautiful! I'm not a huge fan of the thing that came with it	 but still beautiful! I would definitely buy it again	 and maybe I'll try it in another color!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this LINGERIE.	review_date"
"Little small. My boobs didn't fit right. Way too much side boob.	review_date"
"Sizes are wayyyyyy smaller than what they state.	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Very beautiful lingerie for a great price. Fits comfortably and is very flattering.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Fit is as expected. Comfortable. Hides what you want	 shows off your bust.  Love this lingerie	review_date"
"This would have been a five star review but I don't have fake or smallI breasts and without the perky factor your chest won't look that great in this lingerie. I'm 5'3\	 190 lbs. and 36DDD. It fits	 just not as flattering as I'd like but it's my body	 not the lingerie. If you read up on your sizing in the questions and reviews you should do well with Amazon lingerie. Some hit or miss but generally the reviews are right on point.""	review_date"
"very small sizes are not accurate very upset	review_date"
"Ordered the xxx. Sizing is not accurate and fit is very snug. I ordered a size up from my normal size. It Is much shorter than  advertised in picture. Very tight around the neck and waist area. Not worth paying to return so it will sit. Useless	review_date"
"I'm so thankful that I ordered 1 size up. This lingerie piece is exactly what I was looking for and wanted. I'm 5'9	 38DD and usually wear an XL	 but after reading a few of my fellow reviewers saying it was sized much smaller than expected	 I went ahead and ordered the XXL. Thank goodness for that! As far as the product goes	 I love it. Exceptional quality	 especially for the price. I ordered the white/pink version	 and I find it to be very flattering and sexy with white thigh highs or white and pink thigh high socks. I'm a happy customer!	review_date"
"sexy well made beautiful lingerie	 I will buy more from this company.  Great price!	review_date"
"To put it simply	 this lingerie is AWFUL. The material is very cheap	 my DDs barely fit	 and it isn't long enough. I sized up btw.	review_date"
"Fits small.  I threw the g-string panties away.	review_date"
"Super soft	 elegant	 not scratchy or itchy. I ordered In white too	review_date"
"Fits right. But material and fabric look different than the picture	review_date"
"I was nervous about making this purchase. However	 it鈥檚 beautifully made and fit perfectly! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 170lbs and a large fit.	review_date"
"Runs small. I would recommend sizing up. It's beautiful though!	review_date"
"pretty	 not greatest quality but not expected to be either	review_date"
"just order bigger	review_date"
"Super soft and comfortable to wear. Much nicer than I was expecting!	review_date"
"Too small Very pretty though	review_date"
"Looks lovely and expensive	 but is still really comfortable!	review_date"
"Fits nice	review_date"
"It's very pretty and the price was nice. But it does run small. I purchased in my usual size and it fits like a chemise and not a flowy babydoll. Definitely order a size up.	review_date"
"I am 5'5\ and 207 pounds.  I ordered the 3xl and it fits wonderfully. The panties are a big snug but most of my weight is in my abdomen.I would order this again and even feel sexy in it.Not an easy order when lingerie is not usually made for us larger women.""	review_date"
"So sexy!	review_date"
"Very sexxy	 my husband liked it	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"The sizing definitely needs to be modified.  Ordered a size up because I'm 5'10 and it doesn't even graze my lady parts.  The material is mesh and \lace\""  and could be really cute if it didn't look like I went shopping in the little girls lingerie section LOL.Anyway...save your money.""	review_date"
"pretty	review_date"
"Fit expected. Cute	 get what u pay for but wearable. The hubby likes it lol	review_date"
"My husband loved it	 even with the baby belly. =)	review_date"
"Bought for a friend. G	review_date"
"Cute and flattering. Great price.	review_date"
"Very nice quality for the price!	review_date"
"I ordered mine two sizes larger than I normally wear.  I'm glad I did or it wouldn't fit.	review_date"
"Love the style	 but it was way too big	review_date"
"Got this for Valentine's Day. Husband was very pleased with it. Ordered a large fit perfect	review_date"
"Fits and looks great!	review_date"
"The most comfortable	 pretty sexy little garmet.  Well made.	review_date"
"It fits a little large but that's my fault	 good thing I can sew!  Classy/sexy otherwise	review_date"
"Love!	review_date"
"Buy a size bigger because it runs a bit small as others said.  The quality is great it is beautiful and feels great on.	review_date"
"too small	review_date"
"Fits perfect and super sexy! Love my purchase	review_date"
"Feels great. Super sexy. The thong fits a little weird	 though. But overall	 great product for great price.	review_date"
"Sexy and hot	 good stuff	review_date"
"This item is no where near a size 3x it is extremely tiny ...	review_date"
"feels and looks great	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"perfect fit	review_date"
"Very sexy. Looks good on the floor also	review_date"
"Terrible quality and not properly proportioned... ugh so made I wasted money on this.	review_date"
"Fit great. Looked great. Comfortable too. I love it.	review_date"
"I love it. It's a great product for a great price!	review_date"
"Really pretty and great price.	review_date"
"My husband loved it for Valentine鈥檚 Day! I ordered 2 sizes up and it fit great!	review_date"
"I was very disapointed about the sizing.Runs very small. Didn't feel like returning so I gave it too my daughter. I ordered an XXL was more like a size medium	review_date"
"Definitely a good buy for a pale/pasty woman. Possibly better in black.	review_date"
"Love this. Just as described	 I bought 2 sizes bigger after reading reviews and that was a good idea.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"

"Very soft material but runs super small	 like 3 sizes small	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! its comfy and fits nicely.	review_date"
"good value	review_date"
"A little big but OMG so cute!!!!	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Love this! It makes me feel so sexy. Wish it was a little longer. I took a snap of me in it and sent it to my girlfriend at work. Let's just say she is excited to come home. She LOVES it.	review_date"
"Super cute and frilly. The supplied thong is adjustable in the back.	review_date"
"A little small but OK	review_date"
It runs extremely small
"It鈥檚 adorable	review_date"
"Very nice is all that can be said	review_date"
"Runs small but cute	review_date"
"Runs small	 and very very short. Was more like wearing a tank top	 not lingerie. Disappointing.	review_date"
"Excellent. I ordered a 2x and it's very roomy. Will purchase more!	review_date"
"It's ok.	review_date"
"I read the reviews and ordered a size up.  Glad I did.  It fit perfect and my husband loved it.  :)	review_date"
"My wife looks stunning in this.	review_date"
"Wife loves it.	review_date"
"Really cute	review_date"
"Very happy with my purchase. My wife and I both loved it.	review_date"
"Love this!!! I ordered a size too big and it fit perfectly!! It also accommodates women with larger breasts	 it gave me support and was sexy	 which is a rare combination.	review_date"
"Really soft	 feel super confident and sexy!	review_date"
"Thought I ordered the right size but guess I should have ordered a size bigger. Not impressed.	review_date"
"Really comfortable I can put it on for hubby and actually sleep in it! Good Buy!	review_date"
"The size is not accurate	 I ordered 2 sizes up and it still didn't fit	review_date"
"El precio no es el que ap谩rese en la p谩gina cu谩l es el precio que renbolsaron en mi cuenta	review_date"
"It's ok for the price. Fits good. Smelled funny. Not a fan of the g-string panties it comes with.	review_date"
"Horrible fit. Horribly looking. Is soft though	review_date"
"Loved the nightie. Very happy with purchase.	review_date"
"Perfect fit!	review_date"
"Top part was way too tight!	review_date"
"It fits nicely. I like it	review_date"
"All I got was the underwear:(	review_date"
"This looks absolutely beautiful	review_date"
"Loved the material. Wish the panties were a little bigger!	review_date"
"My husband loved it and I felt great in it.	review_date"
"My wife loves her	review_date"
"Sizing seemed to run a bit small.	review_date"
"馃憤馃憤馃憤馃憤馃憤馃憤	review_date"
"love it. nice material for the price. my hubby loves it	review_date"
"i like it just wish the breast part stretched (big breast problem)	review_date"
"It's a beautiful set but it definitely runs small	review_date"
"LOVE this red lingerie!!!!! Looks stunning on me	 the quality is amazing and looks super sexy :)	review_date"
"Very disappointed. Bought for a romantic getaway with husband too late to return since trip was 2 days from day receive	review_date"
"Came in the mail super fast. I'm very satisfied with it. Love the color	 material	 and the way it fits. My boyfriend loves it as well. :)	review_date"
"I love this	 soft and beautiful. Very well made and does fit as expected.	review_date"
"It was shorter than expected. Nonetheless	 it is very pretty and a nice quality for the price.	review_date"
"I got this for nightwear and it鈥檚 so comfortable.	review_date"
"I'm tall so its s little snug around my neck	review_date"
"I ordered a size bigger than I wear and it fit perfect.	review_date"
"So disappointing.  Bought the 3 sizes larger because of the reviews saying it ran small and but it still didn't fit. Rough material.	review_date"
"Great!	review_date"
"Very Sexy.	review_date"
"Fits great.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 good	review_date"
"Love how she looks in it amazing!!Fits perfect	review_date"
"The fit was perfect.  Very happy	review_date"
"I ordered the 3xl and it was still a little small. I carry weight  in the middle so it was a little clingy but the top was perfect.	review_date"
"Normal	review_date"
"This gown was everything I'd hoped for and more.  My skin is sensitive and most fabrics rub my skin raw.  I read the reviews and noticed there were a lot of comments mentioning the word \soft.\""  They were right!  It's very soft!  In fact	 after my husband took it off I put it back on when we were ready to go to sleep.  Most nighties get about a few minutes of wear and never go back on.It looked beautiful and elegant on and it made me feel beautiful wearing it.  I'm 5'3\"" weigh 130 pounds and have a 34D bust.  I ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.  It was also delivered quickly.""	review_date"
"Came in right on time and is extremely comfortable and soft to the touch!	review_date"
"Like it...not as flattering as I expected but for the price it's great!	review_date"
"Fit a little small in the chest but otherwise good	review_date"
"Nowhere close to the size I needed. Xxl was like a dang medium.	review_date"
"It was exactly what I expected. Very comfortable .i recommend washing first to prevent the color bleeding or rubbing off on to other items. Love it!!	review_date"
"Love it!!!!	review_date"
"Sizes run big	review_date"
"The Panties are missing....	review_date"
"Order a size up and it will fit just right.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"it fits great but its very very thin so the boob part is already ripping case i have bigger boobs.	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"i really liked it	review_date"
"Absolutly love this	review_date"
"Awesome fit	review_date"
"it's ok not great quality	 but you get what you pay for. Underwear are useless	review_date"
"Sizes run smaler than expected	review_date"
"I loved it!......but so did my husband \u003cwink\u003e	review_date"
"Very comfortable. Fits and looks great.	review_date"
"Just as gorgeous as the picture. Absolutely love it	review_date"
"Still love it!!!	review_date"
"Runs extremely small	review_date"
"I read reviews and used the size chart...NO WAY does a XXL fit someone with over D size boobs unless your goal is only nipple coverage. The other thing I noticed was the smell	 if this does fit don't plan on wearing it the same night you get it in the mail. Thong is just a basic very tiny g-string but its still a nice add. Looked cute in the picture but since there is no way to adjust the halter if you are a larger person and have large boobs this might not be the choice for you.	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Too large for an XL but it's cute	review_date"
"Great product!!	review_date"
"Stretchy and amazingly comfortable.  Lower quality piece of lingerie	 but let's face it - it's not like I wear it for more than a few minutes anyway.  "
"Im a larger girl i wear a 2xl shirt most times. After reading reviews i got the 4xl and im glad i did! Any smaller would have been way to small!! With that said its soo beautiful. The scoop back lays perfectly and my size 36H breast fit nicely but dont buy it with expectation for support. Its soft material and not itchy or cheep feeling at all! I would like it a few inches longer but thats personally how i like things. I have to take it off with care so it doesnt catch om my sholders. Also the thong is cute but goes very high on my back. Also these is no cloth on my vagina so its just a string up there. Very uncomfortable! In all i would get 2 sizes larger than you were normally so it fits right and dint expect to were the thong long. But my hubby loves it on my and so do i.	review_date"
"im a 38DDD wear an xl or 2xl shirt so i bought a 4x for this product. it fits ok. theres an elastic band between the lace top and mesh bottom. it covers my breast well but the elastic doesnt touch my chest it rests below the breast. i think if i wore it to rest on my chest my breast woyld protrude the sides too much but its comfy and im sure the hubby will love itt	review_date"
"Super cozy. Pretty short. Loved it!	review_date"
"Very sexy and lovely but it didn't fit me well. I have very large breast and the top does not stretch much if at all. It fit in every other way but I couldn't make the top work so I had to return it. It is very soft and I feel would be great for someone with a more proportioned figure. I wish I could have been able to keep it.	review_date"
"Girlfriend really liked it. And I like how she looks in it. Only problem is that the panty get's quite knotted (still haven't figured out how to un-knot them). Fortunately they are not necessary.	review_date"
"Bought this as a Christmas Gift for my boyfriend. He loved it and so did I. It fit really well unlike the one I had ordered before it. So nice to see that this one was actually plus size. It made me feel beautiful and confident.	review_date"
"Love it! And so does my husband. Good quality. Washes up nicely. I will continue to purchase this brand for the affordably	 comfort and style.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this! Its nice and flowy. I got an XL which was perfect for me since i don't have a lot on the top but got a lot of junk in my trunk haha. so this was perfect and the size fit great. I will deff be buying more of this brand!	review_date"
"The fabric is soft and the color is very pretty. It is what I expected. I ordered a size up and it fits perfectly.	review_date"
"I'm a size L/14 and this fit me like a glove. I wouldnt want it smaller but I wouldnt want it bigger either - it was perfect on me. Exactly as pictured. I would definitely buy other items by this brand.	review_date"
"I got the black version of this and loved it. Not sure if the red one was wrongly labeled or what. I am really sad and disappointed because the black one was perfect!	review_date"
"This nightie is super sexy. I purchased it for myself really and it fits really well	 I'm a 44DD so purchased a 3xl love the style and the feel of it. I definitely recommend purchasing from them.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie. the fit was perfect	 the material is very soft and nice. I'm 5'4\ and weighs 150lbs	 my bra size is 38DD.""	review_date"
"This fits as expected and is really cute.  A lot of the plus size lingerie on Amazon.com does not fit as expected and is of poor quality.  This outfit is pretty much like the picture and is a good buy.	review_date"
"I THOUGHT IT WAS NICE WHEN I FIRST GOT IT	 HOWEVER AFTER ONE WEAR AND A HAND WASH	 THE LACE IS PILLING AND IT LOOKS TERRIBLE NOW! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!	review_date"
"I was so happy they offered this in a plus size but when I got it it certainly wasn't formatted 4A curvier figure. Still very cute and I will probably keep but should have put a little more thought into it instead of just making the same shape for a smaller girl bigger.	review_date"
"Great product. Shipped fast. Very satisfied.	review_date"
"Way too small.  Bought 3x (listed size w measurements) for a gift	  opened and was more like xsmall to small	review_date"
"Love it.	review_date"
"Nicely made	 and it fit as I expected.	review_date"
"It came on time and fit well. It looks good as it can on a 190lb girl. It does not do much for me as all of the materiel is stretchy but it is still very cute. You can still see the rolls but it is so much softer then I thought it would be so that is nice. The little g-string thing that came with it is crappy though but I wasn't going to use that anyway. All in all I am happy with my purchase. And you cant beat the price.	review_date"
"Had to return the item being that it was too small but I am repurchasing and anxiously awaiting a larger size.	review_date"
"Gf favorite	review_date"
"Really thin. Tear really easily	review_date"
"I purchased this for my wife. The bust is way too small. Shes only a b cup. Would return it but they are going to charge me 6.00 so it will just sit in the drawer I guess. It is not very well made and kinda cheap. I will not purchase from this company again.	review_date"
"in love with this	review_date"
"Add a size when ordering the lace is stretchy but where it is sewn to the skirt is tight plus it is shorter than expected. I expected it to come mid thigh it comes mid crotch. Other than those two issues it is great. Nice price and not itchy etc like some are.	review_date"
"My husband works out of state and I do miss him a lot. That's why everytime he tells me that he'll be home I do try my best to look great for him. Luckily I got this Ruzishun deep V-neck sexy lingerie and it's great. I ordered Medium size which I normally wear  and it is true to size. The black color makes it sexier and the red bow adds appeal to it. I like the halter style and no more tying it into a bow because it's ready to wear. This is easy to put on and take off also.  I like the fit of this lingerie because it doesn't hug your body. It's a little loose in the belly area which is really an advantage for me because my belly fats aren't visible. The fabric is good and not cheaply made. I didn't see any loose threads and this is sewn well. My husband likes it and he thinks I look great wearing it. This is a great quality product and worth the buy. I am pleased with my purchase and I highly recommend this.I received this product at a discount or free in exchange for my honest and unbiased review.	review_date"
"Where do I start. I absolutely love this product. It was the softest material I have ever felt. It is made of very flowing fabric. I have problems with other nighties they usually itch me. But this fabric was different than the rest. The color is so bright but look elegant at the same time. I love the detail they put into it as well. The way it's made is very flattering to my figure because we all aren't a size two but want to feel sexy. I actually wore this to clean house after receiving it just because I felt so good about myself. I received this at a very deep discount to give my unbiased opinion about the quality and believe me I will shop with them again. I would gladly pay what they ask but this product to me is worth twice what they ask just because of the confidence it gives me.	review_date"
"This deep V neck halter lingerie set is super cute and super sexy. It does fit just as I expected it too and is true to size in my opinion. There is no under wire in the breast cup and it just lays on you or you have to adjust your breast in the fabric how you like them. If you have really big breast you may want to order a size up to adjust your breasts perfectly because without the under wire	 or a boob job	 your breast will sag. a thong is included also. Overall I think this was a good buy and I'd recommend it. I received this deep v neck halter lingerie set at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased opinion.	review_date"
"This lace halter lingerie is a gorgeous little piece that I knew instantly when I got it I was going to like. It's very sheer	 but that's what I was looking for. The material itself is quite soft	 a lot softer than I was honestly expecting it to be. It isn't rough or abrasive feeling like some other sheer fabrics I have seen and felt. The garments do run small	 so size up. I have a DDD chest and was worried that the XXXL would be too tight for me	 but it actually was okay. It isn't supportive like a bra	 it's a delicate covering! Overall	 I think the garment is cute and for under $15	 I think it is a great deal.- Soft fabric. It is a cotton and polyester blend	 has more cotton in it than I anticipated and I could really feel it! I would probably hand wash this garment to protect the lace.- Pretty short. I have a long torso so that could be a bigger problem for me than most. I have more of my height in my torso than legs so it only comes down barely past the thong for me.- The thong itself isn't anything special	 but I like that it does include it.- My partner agreed and really liked it!I received this garment for free for me to test out and provide my honest feedback and review on. This review is based on my own personal experience with the product.	review_date"
"The Ruzishun Deep V-Neck Halter Lace Lingerie is just what I have been looking for to spice things up in the bedroom!  I love the detail on the halter	 and the red bow adds the perfect pop of color.  I am a plus size woman	 12-14 in pants and weight approximately 185 lbs.  At 5'3\	 it is a struggle to feel sexy.  I ordered the XL and was happy to see that it fit me very well.  The black covers up just enough	 but the sheer transparency of the item allows enough to entice my husband!  I love that the lace detail on the top carries around to the back (as you will see in my photos).  At our local sex shop	 they sell very similar items for upwards of $30 and $40	 so that this price	 this lingerie is a STEAL!  I am so glad to add this to my collection!*Disclaimer* I received this product for free in exchange for my honest	 unbiased review""	review_date"
"I fell in love with this Ruzishun deep V-neck lingerie and to make me love it even better	 is that it's black	 my favorite color! I never knew that owning your very first lingerie would change your sex life	 I would have bought one earlier	 but it's alright	 there's a first for everything.I love how soft it is made of transparent material	 very comfortable to touch and wear	 I never wore night gowns to bed because i didn't like the way my legs touched	 after i received this lingerie	 I've been wearing to bed almost every night. My husband loves it on me and  that makes me happy and it also makes me feel sexy in his eyes! I'm not too big on wearing thongs	 but the more I wear this lingerie	 I been wearing them often as well.I recommend this beautiful black V- neck Ruzishum lingerie to every woman that wants to up lift their sex life as well as feeling sexy in their own home with their partner! I also received this product for a great discount in exchanged for my honest and unbiased review! Thank you so much!Ruzishun Deep V-neck halter transparent lace sexy lingerie Underwear Sleepwear (M	 Black)	review_date"
"Love this	 it's very flattering and fits as expected	 although I as not large on top. I ordered a red	 but after a wash before wearing it came out more orange than red. I though it might be just mine but I see other reviews stated it bled onto the sheets if it wasn't washed first	 so some color change seems to be expected.	review_date"
"聽I love the way this lingerie looks on me. It is so flattering. I got the Black one with the Red bow. This is very easy and comfortable to wear. No buttons are straps to adjust. I can just slip into it	 and out of it too. Not tight or restrictive. The material is soft and does not feel itchy against the skin either. This halter top and V-neck design is super sexy. It covers just the right amount on the top while the lace reveals enough to be sexy. The middle part has an elastic. It is nice and stretchy so nothing pinches me there in the middle. Then you have that wonderful sheer material for the bottom. It is airy and has a great flow. A nice loose comfy fit.I am about 150 lbs and 38D top. I got this one in X-Large and it fit nicely. This one is my husbands favorite and mine also. It is elegant and sexy without being too trashy. This also comes with a very small thong. It is meant for just covering the triangle part in the front. I do recommend hand washing this lingerie because of all the delicate lace and mesh.*****DISCLOSURE: I received this item free of charge to evaluate and review. All opinions are my own.	review_date"
"Really great price for the product. Looks great on	 fianc茅 loved it. I ordered a 3x based on sizing charts. I have large breasts and didn鈥檛 want it too be too tight since it was a halter. It was a little large everywhere else but the bust looked good. I mean let鈥檚 be real - it鈥檚 not staying on for long.	review_date"
"This garment is very comfortable and flattering. I ordered one size larger than I typically wear and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Very Pretty. Looks high-end	review_date"
"It's a perfect fit and looks great!  This was my first time to purchase from this seller so I will be looking for more in the future.	review_date"
"Cannot wait to wear this on my 5 year wedding Anniversary.  Perfect fit! Love it!Thank You鈽嗏槅鈽嗏槅鈽?	review_date:June 6	 2017""	star"
"Fits great I order a size larger	review_date"
"I can truly say I had more fun in one night with this purchase off of Amazon than anything I have bought before!鈽?	review_date:December 18	 2016""	star"
I love it and so doesn't he! 
"My wife really loved your sleep lingerie and we look forward to getting more for her thank you very much it's a great product	review_date"
"Very cute. Fit right	review_date"
"Awesome	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it. So ladies listen up! This is the most soft	 comfortable nighty gown I have purchased. The colors are so beautiful and it is very well made. No strings hanging out all over the place. Im 5'5 about 145 to 150. I ordered a large and its slighty big on me. But it is a comfy fit	 which is what I wanted. I was worried it wouldn't fit. But it is perfect.And shipping is fast and easy!	review_date"
"Soft and slinky and fits like a dream. The strings allow you to select how you want the top portion to fit 鈥攈igh or low	 right or loose. Love it.	review_date"
"I'm really happy with this outfit. I like that the sleeves aren't restricting and I can move my arms. The photo didn't make that super clear. I received 2 pieces and I think the outfit is beautiful. I'm 5'6 34DDD and 130 pounds and bought the small. It fits me perfectly. The top is a tighter fit and not super supportive but I like it.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 okay. I don鈥檛 love the fit. If you are tall	 it doesn鈥檛 quite look right and I am not crazy about the way the straps have to cross over and be fed through the loops by hand. I frayed one end in the process. The material is quite nice and I love the color.	review_date"
"5'4 	144lbs	 34c	 large hips and booty lol (I find the descriptions helpful when doing my own searches). I went with a large size based on recommendations in reviews. The bottom does fit a little diaper like but I still like it	review_date"
"I love this piece as it is nice and silky against my skin. It falls against my body in such a comfortable way. I definitely would like another one in a different color.	review_date"
"OMG!!This is the most beautiful kimono ever!!I ordered (medium size I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥欌€?and 140 lbs and it fits perfectly!) the rose red whic is more likely deep pink perfect color!I highly recommend this product!	review_date"
"The green is even prettier in person. I like that the straps are adjustable so it fits perfectly. It's comfortable and looks great on.	review_date"
"Very cute lingerie! Looks exactly like the picture. The color was gorgeous! I really like this nightwear	 it feels great on my skin and I really like the way it looks on my body. It is very sexy and I really like the breathable material. Super soft and comfortable. My husband loved it.	review_date"
"I absolutely love the look of this teddy	 but it runs large. I bought a small and it was way too big. Wish they carried an XS size...I'm 5 4 and 132 lbs.	review_date"
This was a great purchase for the price
"Loved everything about this. Comfy and sexy! My guy LOVES it.	review_date"
"Beautiful and it鈥檚 sexy!!	review_date"
"Im normally a medium in lingerie and i got this in a small and it was way too big... would work for a very curvy woman.	review_date"
"This was a beautiful lingerie outfit I just love it soft well-made I recommend is highly	review_date"
"Love the material.Soft and comfortable. The fabric is good quality	 feels silky smooth. For the price is great quality. Love it.	review_date"
"Love this 	 only con is I鈥檓 little confused on how to tie the back part . But I just treaded the string from the top and tied in the middle . I got a large but for sexier look should have got medium. I鈥檓 5鈥? 140 .	review_date"
"Tiny bit too small	 but still workable.  Good value.	review_date"
"S煤per sexy !!! True to the size I will be most definitely be ordering more lingerie from here	review_date"
"Really pretty and true to size	 the collar just wrinkles easily but amazing besides that	review_date"
"My man loved it on me	review_date"
"I love the fit and feel of the material.I love the lace.Can be difficult to slip in to	review_date"
"This babydoll is so cute and sexy! Fits really well	 and looks cute on! I bought this for my wedding anniversary. It got the desired reaction.	review_date"
"Nice quality! Better than expected. It鈥檚 so sexy and cozy!! My man loves to see me in it. Bought more colors.	review_date"
"Perfect babydoll lingerie. Fits beautifully and is so comfortable. It looks amazing and my hubby loves it so much. Totally worth the price.	review_date"
"Love the fit!!	review_date"
"Hot item. Fits really nice!! Good quality. It鈥檚 soft and doesn鈥檛 feel cheap at all. I absolutely love it.	review_date"
"Fit vey frumpy almost diaper like.	review_date"
"This teddy is very cute and is quite flattering. I liked the way it looked and my boyfriend was enthusiastic.Soft and fantastic for the price. Now to get it in different colors!	review_date"
"My wife likes it	 it's comfortable and she looks damn sexy! Its perfect and very sexy! We both love it.	review_date"
"Cute and sexy little lingerie piece. Fit great and looked great on.	review_date"
"This robe is PERFECTION. I love how light and sexy it is. The belt is a great addition and adds a slight coy factor that I love to play up. I can't wait to get another one!	review_date"
"I really like how soft the materil was! The design is vey sexy and beautiful. Loves the way it feel and look!	review_date"
"My wife looked hot in this	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a size medium in most clothes 112 and a 30 c in bras i got a small for it to be tighter and sexier but was WAY to big and baggy on my	review_date"
"My girlfriend is 5'10\	 athletic	 usually a Medium in clothes. But this was baggy as hell. Id suggest sizing down.""	review_date"
"Fabric is nice. It fits about the way I expected. Very soft and stretchy. Keeps everything looking great. So cute and sexy	review_date"
"I love this outfit	 and the only thing I can say negative is that it鈥檚 a bit cheeky but that doesn鈥檛 bother me. I have to figure out the strings still lol	review_date"
"Very nice. Fits as expected and the material is soft.	review_date"
"The straps are weird in how you wear them. Not sure if they are supposed to be tied or just what.	review_date"
"This is not comfortable at all. I wore it once and never wore it again.	review_date"
"If you have a long torso this won鈥檛 fit right. Better for shorter women.	review_date"
"Very very beautiful. I feel very sexy in this. It looked like the picture and it fit me how I wanted it.	review_date"
"I love this beautiful 2 piece....my husband did too!	review_date"
"I liked it so much I ordered another one in red :)	review_date"
"Great for. Love  the color. Arrived sooner than expected. Great seller.	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this sleepwear! Super comfortable and sexy. it fit me as expected	review_date"
"It's exactly what I expected	review_date"
"Very sexy!! This pair of lingeries looks very good on my wife! She loved them all.We ordered 2 different color of same model	 white	 blue all same size but one of them came different even when the badge says L	 it was clearly a Small one. I had to return it immediately.My wife thinks this badge was a real mistake because the blue one is definitely not L sizeI am putting 4 stars because the white one looks very good	 the blue one is a great color but it came too small. Just make sure the badges and labels are correct before shipping!	review_date"
"This is very sexy \u0026 forgiving on less than perfect bodies. I went up a size when buying this	 because I always do that with online purchases	 as you just never know what you're going to get. The breast part is too small for me	 but I expected that	 because I wear 40 DDs	 and no lingerie ever fits my melons! But the breast area was large enough for me to make it work	 and my boyfriend liked that I was spilling out quite a bit. The midriff section is super sexy	 and the skirt is a mixture of cute and sexy. The skirt ends up being a little long if you're short like I am	 but that's to be expected. I'm 5'1	 and it came down to about 3 or 4 inches above my knee. Regardless	 it's sexy. The clasps on the leg strings are easy enough to use. This is definitely see-through	 exactly how it appears in the picture. This item is exactly as described and as shown in the picture. My only complaint is that the g-string it comes with is quite tight. I'd say it's at least one size smaller than the rest of the outfit. If it weren't for the g-string	 I could've probably worn my regular clothing size for this lingerie	 but because the g-string was so tight	 I'm glad I went up a size.	review_date"
"I ordered small	 my size is 32a	 25 waist and 34 hips and my height is 4'11. This night wear fits me very well. The length is just right. It has an accurate sizing and has a good quality. It is comfortable to wear because it is cotton. The fabric is very soft and it's nice to wear during warm weather.  The color is the same in the picture and the price was right.	review_date"
"Every time I get a new piece of lingere from this brand it becomes my new favorite piece but I think this really is. It covers you up but still has the sexy lace accents...ill probably get this in more colors.	review_date"
"Very sexy lingerie that evokes some sort of subtle cuteness with the little bow above the bosom. I really want to leave a review to help others make a sound selection on sizing here because I debated for a while. I'm 5'10\ and weigh 140lbs (very slender body type with humble boobage) and the medium fits nice and snug	 but the elastic hem is just a tad bit tight on the thighs- not in an unwearable way	 but enough to be annoying after a second...if it stays on long enough	 that is (lol). Maybe sizing up by one size should be okay for some of us"
"I love this! I'm 5'8 at 166 pounds. My bust is 39	 waste 34	 and hips 39. I ordered and XL and was extremely happy with how well it fit me and the material is soft and comfortable! I would definitely buy this again.	review_date"
"This was my first time buying online. I was hesitant as I did not see many women share their body type in the reviews (normally how I guage what size to buy when bathingsuit shopping). I am 5'1\ and 120 LBS and this fit perfectly! Material isn't cheap. Didnt come with the stockings	 but luckily I had my own. I will certainly be buying from this vendor again!""	review_date"
"Nice bright color	 soft material. Great looking	 can't beat the price.	review_date"
"This lengerie simple and have a good style .it's so comfortable to wear at night and day time .I wear this in the house . I can wear lengerie with lenggings 	 and pants .I'm happy I got this so cute and simple .I'm 5'0 ft with 115 pounds then I got size small .the small size is ft me right.I highly recommend this to everyone	review_date"
"The back of this is the CUTEST	 I have not a lot of butt \u0026 this gives it a little dimension	 haha! The lace is super soft (one of the main reasons I love this company鈥檚 products in particular.) I鈥檓 super skinny	 so I need to tighten the top a bit	 but a small fit well. 5鈥?1鈥? 150	 size 4	 36DD	review_date"
"Lingerie can be expensive ... a friend recommended I look on Amazon and thank goodness I did. This outfit was just the right piece for a boudoir photo.	review_date"
"The color is amazing and it was the first thing I noticed. Its really soft and comfortable and the lace is very pretty.	review_date"
"The product came exactly how it looks online. Very soft lace. However very small. I checked the reviews and questions and found someone about the same as me so I ordered it. I also made sure to order a size up and it does not fit at all. I am 5 7 and just under 200 lbs. This product is really only ideal for smaller women with small breast. I wear a DD and nothing was covered.	review_date"
"Great fit.	review_date"
"Wow needed stocking but wow what a looker. Made my Christmas night more then alright. Wow!	review_date"
"It fits perfectly for me.And I'm loving it so much.They were very soft and so comfy to wear	plus my husband really loves it.	review_date"
"I have not ever in my life felt lace this soft!! The bralette isn't much for support	 as I expected	 but it gets the job done. Absolutely worth every penny!	review_date"
"How can a product be both too small and too large? Sized up	 as the comments suggested	 but the waist was too big	 and the cup size too tiny. The garter belt didn't even work"
"Absolutely BEAUTIFUL	  fits as I expected. Hubby lobe this one	review_date"
"Beautiful but runs small.	review_date"
"Made me looks very sexy	review_date"
"I love it. Wish the Boob area was a bit bigger but other than that great buy for the price	review_date"
"This slip is super soft and great quality. I really like the lace on it. Very pretty	review_date"
"The bra isn鈥檛 very supportive and it fit a bit big (I鈥檓 a 36D) The bottoms were fine. Overall very sexy but if you鈥檙e smaller than a D cup the bra will fit very big.	review_date"
"Super cute wear it like an apron for Christmas or Valentines  Even comes with Thong	review_date"
"I am a small petite.I ordered small size and it really fits perfectly to me.They were so soft and very comfy.Im very satisfied.	review_date"
"Bought for a bachelorette present and was told it fits perfectly and her husband loves it.	review_date"
"bought for my wife	 looks she looks hot in it.	review_date"
"Would buy more colors. Its pretty and sexy.	review_date"
"I got the blue and the color is super flattering on brown skin. Nice soft fabric and the bra is super sexy!	review_date"
"It was cute for the price. My girlfriend loved it	review_date"
"It looks costumy	 tacky	 and cheap.Fitting is good and material is soft	 not itchy. Because of tacky look I would consider returning it if it was not international shipping.	review_date"
"Pretty good quality for the price. Everything looked good and fit minus the top. It was slightly too large for me. I got a medium and I鈥檓 a D. The panties and belt fit perfect!	review_date"
"This set is really cute and the material is so soft. My only thing is I followed the size chart and the size was still a little small but overall it still worked and my boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"hubby loves the color on me	review_date"
"This is awful. The top began falling apart as soon as I took it out of the packaging. And the thong was a joke. The right side strap was literally too inches longer than the left.	review_date"
"It was comfortable	 not tight but not loose. Boyfriend loved it "
"The material is very comfortable although the length of it is quite short but still very sexy.	review_date"
"True to size	review_date"
"Very soft fabric	 very delicate! A bit darker than the picture	 but otherwise sexy. It has a lot of stretch	review_date"
"Love the top with the crosses garter is cute and true to size thong is a little larger	review_date"
"Form fitting. Beautiful lace going up back. Panties a little big.  May want to go down in size. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"Very sexy! My boyfriend really enjoyed how I looked! Got it in purple.. want to purchase in other colors.	review_date"
"Very nice	 my boyfriend loved it 馃槂	review_date"
"Honestly I'm glad I bought a bigger size because it fits amazingly.	review_date"
"Still waiting for the right moment. Thanks	review_date"
"Very comfy馃槉.  I can wear it all night long!!!.  Love the color green and the texture.  Thinking of getting it in another color!馃挌鉂?	review_date:September 29	 2017""	star"
"Very happy with this item. Looks amazing and fits nicely.	review_date"
"Loved it so did my boyfriend	review_date"
"I loved how it look	 boyfriend was obsessed with it.	review_date"
"Was very pleased with my purchase!! The material doesn't feel cheaply made at all! Great quality for the price:) my boyfriend loves it !	review_date"
"Very nice and sexy	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Looks cute on and the material is comfortable. I'm 5'5	 135 lbs and a 34c and bought a small	 it fits me perfectly.	review_date"
"So much better than I expected!!!  Seriously.  This nightwear is so cute.  The tank top is made of a stretchy cotton blend	 in the front	 that feels extremely soft.  The back is made of the same lace used for the bottoms and it 's a great quality that doesn't seem to be easy to tear.  Spaghetti straps are adjustable	 which I like because the top is a little short and shows some of my after two kids belly that I'm a little self conscious about.  The bottoms have a thick band that I absolutely love because I don't have to worry about them falling down or tearing easy.  The bottoms do fit more like panties than boy shorts	 but I actually like it that way.  Gives it more of a sexy	 30 something	 getting naughty kind of vibe.  I hate the eye mask though.  That is just a waste of fabric.  Stop including the eye mask.  Save someone some time and energy.	review_date"
"聽Now again I went ahead an ordered from avid love and I can not complain about anything. This brand is amazing ladies! Lets face it you know how expensive this stuff is and normally it is made so cheap. Not Avid love they make great quality products for an even better price. This scored major brownie points with the mister. Now it does not come with the stockings just want to throw that out there I thought maybe it did but I should of read the description. Either way though I am happy. The material is not itchy and fits true to size!	review_date"
"So i wrote a perfectly fine review and got an email saying they wouldn't show my review!	review_date"
"Nothing like the description	review_date"
"What I love so much about the lingerie from this company is you get what the pictures show!  I'm never disappointed!!  I was wholeheartedly expecting the bra on this set to cover only my nipple because my breasts are rather large	 but I was shocked when I put it on and didn't look ridiculous!  The lace used is soft and smooth.  The garter fits well and I love that there is an adjustable option and they incorporated it into the design.Yet	 another design this company knocked out of the park!	review_date"
"This is one of the sexier lingeries i have gotten. It fit wonderfully. I felt very slimming in it and beyond sexy. The undies fit very well also. It has thin ruffled straps and a cute little bow at the stop. it is see through which my husband loved. The material is very comfortable and light weight. it is very easy to put on and form fits around the body. The bottom has a ruffled elastic so that it forms around your legs to fit tight. My husband was very impressed with how nice it looked. I was also very happy and felt very sexy wearing it. It fits like a tight dress. This is a great sexy outfit to wear. I got medium and it fit great. i am 5\2 145 lbs with a C cup.I look forward to wearing this more in the future.""	review_date"
"This is so cute. It reminds me of a sexy maid outfit but in different colors. Being big busted I sometimes have issues with the tops being kind of small. The rest fits great. My husband doesn't mind me sticking out some	 in face he loves it. This came in several colors but I choose the purple. It is a nice deep purple and I really love the color. The trim and belt areas are black. This is a great piece of lingerie and would be perfect for any occasion	review_date"
"This is a sultry costume. It can be awkward to put on because you have a clasp bra and a ribbon tie at the waist. Beyond that	 it can fulfill a maid fantasy.  It does come with a matching thong to complete the ensemble.	review_date"
"This teddy is so soft and comfy.  It doesn't even feel like anything's on.  Plus the color combo of the green and pink makes it very feminine and is a pretty combo.	review_date"
"I had higher hopes for this piece!The lace itself is not bad	 had it been based on that alone I would have kept this robe.I am short	 5'2 and this robe was too short on me! The tie is just a piece of ribbon and doesn't look classy when tied.	review_date"
"Would have preferred a better quality belt.. and belt was almost too small for the size I purchased.	review_date"
"I usually wear a 14/16 pants and XL shirt..I ordered the 18/20 because I wanted to make sure I had plenty of room in the robe..ended up being a bit smaller than expected. I wish they had another size up and that would probably fit the way most people anticipate a robe to fit. The sash is more of a ribbon than an actual robe sash. I ended up trashing it. Overall	 nice robe for the price but definitely runs small and might need to grab a better quality sash to go with it.	review_date"
"This is so pretty and sexy. I should鈥檝e sized up tho bc I wanted it to be more flowy. One of the strings on the side to hold the ribbon tie up came broke but it鈥檚 an easy fix. Totally worth the prince.	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised with how sexy I felt wearing this. The black is very sexy. It comes with a satin tie and loops to hold it on to the robe	review_date"
"i love this i use as robes for my romantic getaway trip. my husband love it even more	review_date"
"For anyone who doesn't feel body confident	give this a try! Warning to ladies with bellies	this robe just closes barely.	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised with this	 the material is soft and flattering. Very sexy and simple !	review_date"
"Omg omg omg it is so flattering. Ull feel so sexy. Buy it a size up for confort. U wont regret it!!	review_date"
"Very pretty. No mesh nightie included as advertised	review_date"
"LOVE it!!!!! Can wear ALONE or with other lingerie.	review_date"
"My husband loves it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"LOVED IT!!!!!	review_date"
"Really comfortable. The sash isn鈥檛 connected which is my only complaint.	review_date"
"So cute!	review_date"
"Nice 	sexy great fit my husband loved it	review_date"
"I ordered the robe on the pic and got a panty and bra set instead?? Which was entirely too small. So now I have to go through the return process which is a bummer. I was looking forward to wearing this cute robe.	review_date"
"Very pretty!!!!	review_date"
"Very pretty	review_date"
"The robe looks exactly like the picture. Better quality than I thought it would be. The lace isn't itchy or uncomfortable.I do wish the ribbon to tie the robe was a little bit longer.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this! Super cute and comfy!	review_date"
"Muy sencilla la tela	review_date"
"I love this...super sexy	review_date"
"I love this. It's ao sexy and comfortable all at the same time. Will purchase again.	review_date"
"I got the largest size but it's small	review_date"
"Fit as expected but a little small. Quality is ok. For the price it鈥檚 cute	review_date"
"It was a thin material	 however pretty much what I expected an it fit fairly well and looked pretty	review_date"
"Ordered a medium (usually a small). Looks sexy as heck and super comfortable as long as you don't mind synthetic fabrics. But for the price this is a great deal.	review_date"
"As pictured. I ordered according to my shirt size (XL) and the fit is perfect. I am 5ft	 3in tall	 173 lbs	 waist 39 inches.	review_date"
"Item as described	review_date"
"1st time to buy lingerie for my wife. Loves it.	review_date"
"Super cute. Scratchy material.	review_date"
"Happy with purchase	review_date"
"Super cute on! I ordered a size up and that fits well. Only downfall is it came with a tear in the side	review_date"
"Fit nicely	review_date"
"Loved it perfect fit 	 the reviews really helped	review_date"
"It鈥檚 beautiful!	review_date"
"It wasn鈥檛 quite what I expected	review_date"
"I really enjoyed the robe - it is more for fun than function.  my boyfriend really liked it - which was the main reason I bought it.  very pretty and comfortable.	review_date"
"This is beautiful	Sexy lingerie. I got the size large I am 5 foot four and weighs 160 pounds and it fit me well. The back has a Via strap which is very comfortable and I got the blue color which is a rich medium color vibrant blue.  Sexy lingerie. It is a loose fit so it covers the tummy area and the top of the size very well.  I really like the bottom how it鈥檚 zigzag it鈥檚 a little different and it looks very sexy. I鈥檓 really happy with this I may buy another colors	review_date"
"This is the most perfect fitting and flattering lingerie I have ever bought!I am extremely large breasted so I have the hardest time finding any lingerie that fits me	 it鈥檚 alwyas too small or fits my breasts but is too big in the band area.This fabric is soooo super soft and comfortable too. Something I don鈥檛 actully mind wearing.The straps come to a V in the back which is very flattering and the fabric splits in the front so it is not tight on the belly if you鈥檙e unconscious of your stomach at all	 which I鈥檝e had two baby鈥檚 so this hides all my insecurities yet eventuates everything I need it too! Will for sure be buying in all the colors!	review_date"
"As soon as I put this on I felt really sexy. I bought mine in Small and it鈥檚 a perfect fit(I wear size small/medium). This lingerie hugs my body perfectly. It鈥檚 very lightweight and the material feels really soft against your skin. I love the babydoll style. The slit in the middle gives that extra allure to it. You are definitely getting your money worth it with this buy.	review_date"
"This little baby doll is super cute and soft	 nicer construction than I counted on for the price. The embroidery is really pretty and well done and it comes with a little matching thong. A great find and amazing deal!	review_date"
"Absolutely beautiful!! Good material	 lightweight and very sexy!!  I wore it for my boyfriend and he loved it.  I washed it and I air dried it because I was afraid that it might shrink in the dryer - no changes or damage to the material....worth it!!	review_date"
"Very cute. Very soft. Fit perfectly. Being a bit chubby it doesn't show off all those extra bits I wanna hide but is still dreamy and cute.	review_date"
I was happy that this product fits exactly according to the measurements provided in the chart. The color is really pretty and makes for a nice sight for the eyes 
"This is super cute and comfortable. Its fits great and I'm very happy with the purchase. The thong that came with it was tiny and terrible but I didnt buy it for the underwear lol	review_date"
"I order from the regular sizes and it fit great from the waist down but the top was more like an extra small so I found the same one in plus sizes and so I order larger than I would have and since it is constructed with a stretchy materiel it fits great... so I love it...wish I would have ordered from the plus size to start with....	review_date"
"For the cost	  this is a decent piece.  The problem really is the cut of the cups.  This fit in waist	  but the way the cups were cut was way too small for me.  If you're smaller busted	  my guess is this would be perfectly fine.  If	 however	  you are above a D cup	 this isn't the best choice.	review_date"
"I was so happy to find lingerie in a color other than white	 red	 or black! I bought this in purple and mint	 and I adore them both! I have largish breasts and a bit of a belly	 and I find this very flattering.	review_date"
"I typically wear as size 2x but I ordered a size 4x and it fits. I am 5'1 200 pounds. Size 18 jeans if it helps with sizing.	review_date"
"By far my favorite lingerie I have purchased! VS quality! Lace is very very soft and so is the other fabric. It's perfect!!  Undies are cheeky and fit perfectly. I ordered an xxl when I normally wear an xl. I probably could have purchased my size though. If your debating buying this	 do it!	review_date"
"It was very worth the money.  My gal is curvy and lots of times these just don't fit.  Most outfits just can't hold her breasts in. This particular style fits her very well.  The looks are awesome.  She likes the cut	 style and the strap design	 and we both like the ease of removal. You can't go wrong here.  I may purchase it in different colors also.  Well worth the money.	review_date"
"Super sexy! Super soft I love it with some black thigh highs damn I look good!	review_date"
"Bust was too small for a plus size.	review_date"
"Looks pretty	 fits okay as far as overall sizing. However	 not the best quality. There was a hole between the lace and sheer gown part and the straps tore completely from the back of the gown when trying to adjust for proper fitting. Purchase and try your luck. Maybe it鈥檒l work better for you	 but if you鈥檙e a large bust woman I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this.	review_date"
"The quality of the fabric far exceeds my expectations. Not only does it make you look sexy	 but you feel comfortably sexy wearing it! I would HIGHLY recommend this product.	review_date"
"No support and not enough coverage in breast area	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Way to small	review_date"
"I bought this as a surprise Valentine's Day gift for my boyfriend	 and I'm very excited to show it to him. It fits very well. The straps in the back are adjustable so I had to use that a little bit	 but other than that	 it fit perfectly. I'm very happy with this purchase and will buy another in a different color.	review_date"
"It's pretty panties fit perfect too small for my boobs	review_date"
"Sexy if this doesn鈥檛 turn your man on he鈥檚 dead.	review_date"
"I ordered and xl and it fit perfectly and i usually wear an xl.  Comfortable and sexy !!	review_date"
"Super cute and fit great	review_date"
"Good quality	review_date"
"It is a beautiful color and the panties are super stretchy and flattering but the top does run on the smaller side.	review_date"
"Only dislike is I'm short so halter needs to be adjusted! Soft and comfy. Great for the money!	review_date"
"Very pretty nice quality	review_date"
"Dont waist your money cheaply made	review_date"
"I love this product. Material is really good and soft. Product is as good as it shown.	review_date"
"very nice	 the cloth is very soft~~~hope my BF will like it	hahahahaha	review_date"
"Cute but runs small	review_date"
"Great product. Fast shipping	review_date"
"I ordered the purple. It is a BEAUTIFUL color!!I received this super quick	 within just a few days of ordering it.I was really impressed with this for the price you can not beat it.Would love to try more from this seller.Great job!:)Can't wait to wear this for my Anniversary night next week.	review_date"
"I normally wear XXL and this fit true to size! Very cute even if you鈥檙e self conscious like me :)	review_date"
"Easy fit and comfortable	review_date"
"El 谩rea de los senos no es tan gRande	review_date"
"AMAZING!!!!! My stomach is my trouble area and it covers beautifully	 and the hubby couldn't resist! Total win!	review_date"
"Very nice...buy a few sizes bigger as recommended by others. Overall	 I felt sexy and the Mr. LOVED it!!	review_date"
"This is beautiful!!! Fit very well and I love the color. Will order another in a different color!!!	review_date"
"Decent quality.	review_date"
"Fits great and feels great	review_date"
"Fits nicely. True to size and bust is adjustsble.  It's more sheer than i expected. Worth the price.	review_date"
"The bra part was tiny. For a XXL you鈥檇 think they wouldn鈥檛 make the bra part a size that would fit a size B/C bra. The rest of It fit great.	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"My fiance loved it...fit perfectly	review_date"
"This has been mine and my boyfriends favorite.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly and it's very comfortable!	review_date"
"Very sexy....fits perfect.	review_date"
"I don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 the fault of the item or me	 but this didn鈥檛 work.  Maybe my boobs are too big.  If you鈥檙e busty	 this gives no support.  I had to return it.	review_date"
"Me encant贸 ah铆 que pedirlo m谩s grande soy 2x y lo ped铆 3x y me quedo perfecto me encanta.	review_date"
"Beautiful!!!!	review_date"
"Like the color and it's solft	review_date"
"Love the product! It鈥檚 good for the price for the red piece	review_date"
"Certainly got some attention	review_date"
"Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Soft and sensual. Definitely a hit!	review_date"
"Just what I expected	review_date"
"Wife loves it but wishes it had small pouch for her Hitachi Wand	review_date"
"Fits little smaller than I expected but I like it.	review_date"
"It looks so nice and sexy.	review_date"
"I hate my stomach	 but this covers it and I feel so sexy!	review_date"
"This body suit looked more amazing than expected!  I'm 5'3\ and 140 and I ordered a M.  The fit was perfect and the quality for price was a pleasant surprise!""	review_date"
"omg this is a beautiful bodysuit. i wore it to a party and received so many compliments.. im 5'1 130 and i ordered a small.. perfect fit	review_date"
"Love love love this too! It鈥檚 sexy	 it鈥檚 comfortable	 and I got so many compliments on it. The material is silky and the designs almost feel like a felt material. It is see through which was what I wanted but I paired it with a high waisted skirt and it looked amazing! Would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous! The material is delicate as expected which makes it even more beautiful.  Doesn't look cheap made.  I am 5'1\ 112lbs 34D ordered a small ans its stunning. I cant wait to wear.  Reasonably priced!""	review_date"
"It鈥檚 a great piece! But I was thinking this was more of a sexy fitted piece that I could do a lingerie	 but I honestly think if you wear a black bra underneath it it could be club wear.. it was a little bit big for me I ordered an XL as I do all things. I wouldn鈥檛 recommend it for the bedroom. The clasps were also hard to get together.	review_date"
"I loved it! Very sexy on especially with a blazer. I thought it was gonna be itchy because of how it look on the outside. When I put it on it fit like a glove! Recommending to everyone I know.	review_date"
"Very beautiful and nicely made but way to small! I normally wear a M/L so I ordered a large and it was soooooo small! I would have to Oder at least two sizes larger	review_date"
"I love the stretchyness of the shirt	 only thing that was a downfall was that it left black residue on your skin. OVERALL very sexy and comfortable I loved it!	review_date"
"I love this but I wish I would have gone one size up so it would fit more comfortable.  I am normally a size 12 so I ordered a size XL but I wish I would have ordered a XXL.  Overall I like it.	review_date"
"Went on vacation	 got this as top for night out. Wore it over a black bra. Wasnt too sheer. The collar is a little awkward and difficult to unbutton when using the restroom	 but it held up longer than expected!	review_date"
"Wore this with a black mini skirt and rhinestone stockings. I received tons of compliments. Every man and woman told me I looked super pretty!	review_date"
"The velvet geometric lining was falling off where it's fibers covered my entire sink as i hand-washed it (water turned black lol). Bad quality. The clip to close on the crotch area has sharp edges that it was clawing my inner legs as I walk. You get what you pay for I guess. I鈥檓 also petite and lean so the sleeves were a bit loose.	review_date"
"Wore this with a black skirt to the club. Great quality!	review_date"
"This is very cut and sexy. I'm 5'2 and 140 pounds. I bought a medium it fit great except it could have been longer. If you're tall definitely shouldn't buy.	review_date"
"Look so sexy	review_date"
"I ordered a large and it is very tight and hard to button at the bottom. I鈥檓 5鈥? 166 lbs with a 34 DDD bust.	review_date"
"Super cute and fits well. Wore it to a festival and by the end of the night	 most of the sparkles were gone. They fall off very easily	 even just moving the body suit from the bag it was in made it lose sparkles.	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"Putting this bodysuit on is a bit tricky but once its on	 it looks good. I was hoping for a higher polo neck but this works for my body size.	review_date"
"I am 5'4\ 119 pounds and i bought a small and it fits perfectly! I like how the sleeves arent too short. Very happy""	review_date"
"Love the feel of the fabric.  Nice design and well made.  Very pretty.	review_date"
"The item looks exactly the picture. Great quality for the price.	review_date"
"Wore for homecoming concert and it felt amazing.	review_date"
"Great top! I paired this with a leather skirt \u0026 then with fitted black jeans. Received several compliments! One thing I should of purchased a medium for a more fitted feel. Overall beautiful top.	review_date"
"You'd have to have a SUPER short torso to make this work. I had a wedgie all the way around and still couldn't get the shoulders up to where they belong. I'm 5'10\ and 185lbs	 and my torso is fairly long	 but this is just silly. Almost like it's make for someone who is 4'10\"" but has the same length arms I do	 LOL""	review_date"
"A bit too large for me	 used it for a Halloween costume \u0026 did what I needed.	review_date"
"Only paid 14.99 for the top received it in the mail and there was no hook on neck piece. Had to pay an additional 11.03 for cleaners to add a hook. Totally dissatisfied!	review_date"
"Because of the button in the top back of your neck you need help putting this on. I wore it as a shirt	 super cute	review_date"
"I ordered a large it was to big I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh 155 so I sent it back in ordered a medium it fit perfect	review_date"
"I love this but even the extra small is too big for me!! It鈥檚 super soft material.	review_date"
It looks just like it does online
"Very Sexy and the fit was good too!	review_date"
"Runs small. Can get it buttoned but it's tight haven't worries it yet only tried on but I'll find a way to make it work.	review_date"
"Wonderful stretch	 perfect sizing!	review_date"
"The fabric is breathable and ya girl looks fly. Sizes are what they say they are.	review_date"
"Beautiful bodysuit! I paired it with some black slacks and received tons of compliments!	review_date"
"Soooo cute on!! So many complements	review_date"
"I got a size small and it fit but way too tight! But the quality and material was good!	review_date"
"Beautiful product and looks great!  So happy with this purchase!	review_date"
"Very cute but the Black comes off my hands were black I tried it on with a white bra and it鈥檚 now got black on it also so I think I will hand wash before wearing	review_date"
"Stylish and sexy	review_date"
"Love so much 	 very sexy and good quality	review_date"
"So cute.... but it is small. I had to return it	review_date"
"Order a size up if you have a longer torso or  larger chest.	review_date"
"really good material and looks just like the photo!!	review_date"
"Absolutely love it. Neck a little loose but other than that very nice	review_date"
"Super unfortunate that I cannot wear mine. The sizes run big... especially in the waist. :-(	review_date"
"Excellent quality	 fit really nice. I love it.	review_date"
"Very nice	 Great quality! Its a little long though...like for taller people because i am a bit short. But its awesome!	review_date"
"So sexy. Im in love with this!	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Yass so cut and soft actually for really good	review_date"
"I love this bodysuit! It's super cute	 comfortable and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Received the wrong item	review_date"
"Good material fits the way it鈥檚 supposed to	review_date"
"Received the wrong item and needed it for an event.	review_date"
"This is my motivation to get the D	review_date"
"This fit a little looser than I expected but it is very nice. I am 5鈥?鈥?and around 165	 hourglass shape for anyone who鈥檚 wondering how it鈥檒l fit. It鈥檚 more forgiving and accentuates the best parts instead of looking weird. I really like it. I bought the wine color. It鈥檚 pretty and looks good on. Hubby loves it ALOT. I felt pretty good in it	 too. I feel like this is one of those pieces that will look good on many different sizes and shapes. I would recommend trying it!!	review_date"
"Love love love this piece! It fits so cute and comfortable!!	review_date"
"I am a mom of 3 (had a 7 month old at the time this was worn). My tummy is a defiant problem area for me. I am 5'4 186lbs and ordered an XL. I really felt good in this lingerie for the first time ever since having children! Its very thinning and fit great. I feel like it hides my mid section well.  The lace is very good quailty for the price. Also the halter neck helps hold the girls in place if you are bigger chested. I think I could have ordered a Large but don't regret the XL! I ordered this for a surprise for my husband on our weekend getaway	 he absolutely adored it. Love how it really accentuated my curvy figure! Take the risk ladies! Buy this! I ordered the black but will be ordering the wine color soon :)	review_date"
"This product is definitely good quality for the price. I wear a 16-18 and the XXL fits great. It is thin	 but the lace is soft and appears durable. My breasts don't look like the girl in the picture	 but the halter top does give them a little perk. Absolutely recommend.	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical about ordering lingerie from Amazon but I just couldn鈥檛 beat the price of this... and now I鈥檓 hooked! This is a beautiful set and fits like a dream. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 165 and ordered a medium.	review_date"
"I was extremely skeptical when buying this. I'm a 12/14	 5'8\	 and 185 so I've always been suspicious of bodysuits however much I wanted one. I took a risk and bought this for our upcoming wedding anniversary	 and oh my god y'all this is gorgeous. The material is super soft and the bottom fits in such a way that it doesn't cut in	 flows smoothly over my hips and back end. The top has an easy clip to attach the two ends of the halter and it is adjustable. The top seems to be a TAD big on me	 but not in a baggy or otherwise noticeable way (I'm a 38 C) By far my favorite piece of lingerie that I've owned so far. Seriously	 so perfect.""	review_date"
"I am 5鈥? and weight 180. I ordered an xxl for length	 but an xl would鈥檝e been better. I still love it!! The purple is very pretty.	review_date"
"Gorgeous!! Material feels and looks great. For reference I bought a size medium. I'm 5'9\ 133 lbs with a longish torso and have 30G bust size.  Fits perfect! If you have larger breasts it will cover them and stay in place just right.""	review_date"
"Fits as expected. I'm 5'5\ and 130 ish athletic build and a small was perfect. wish it had more white fluff but fiance will enjoy it wither way.""	review_date"
"I got this to wear at 8 months pregnant and it fit great and looked super sexy.	review_date"
"This is made of a beautiful	 stretchy lace. I have had it for a couple of months now- i have worn it a few times and it has held up great. I found the fit to be flattering and the fabric comfortable	 not itchy whatsoever. The stretch of the fabric has just the right amount of give	 but still holds its shape. My husband loves it. I have not yet washed it as though i gave worn it in a few seperate occasions	 it doesn't stay on very long at all. 馃槈 I do believe that the cut of this piece of lingerie would he flattering for all body types. Overall this was an excellent buy!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 still giving a 5 star even though it doesn鈥檛 fit correctly the way I needed It to. I鈥檓 smaller up top so it鈥檚 hard to find things fit me like it does other women. Though this isn鈥檛 the makers fault and it really was great quality for the price. The color looked good on me which I was happy about and my husband still loves it on me so 5 thumbs up	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?and 135 lbs and bought a medium. It鈥檚 a loose on the top (I鈥檓 a 34C)	 but fits well on the bottom. The lace is soft and it鈥檚 very pretty.	review_date"
"sooo soft and comfortable	review_date"
"What a great product...worked even better than expected on the very first use.	review_date"
"Ok	 kind of weird but I bought this for my little sister. She's having such body confidence issues. And every lady wants to look pretty and a little frilly now and then. I've had such good experience with the plus sizes of this line fitting well that I got her one. She messaged me how much she liked it how nicely it fit and how good it made her feel. So I'm glad I got it for her. I ordered her regular dress size but she's a bit chesty so I could have gone up one more size to accommodate but overall it was a good fit for the matching dress size	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece of lingerie. It鈥檚 delicate and stunning. I bought to surprise my bf with on our trip to Vegas and he loved it. It hid everything that I was insecure about (my pudge	 my stretch marks) and accentuated everything I love about my body (my thighs	 hips	 butt). My boobs looked great in this too and I鈥檝e had 3 kids...so there鈥檚 that. I鈥檓 a size 14... 5鈥? 208 lbs. I bought the XL and it was a tad loose....not enough to matter. I think I鈥檓 gonna buy it again in a L.	review_date"
"this is a beautiful lingerie piece. I'm 5'2	 130 lbs and 36B cup with a big bootay and the small fits me perfect! I will say that the purple I received is a more vibrant	 bright purple than what the model is shown wearing. Its not a big deal to me because my husband loves it and it fits my body nicely.	review_date"
"Just like the picture	 and lace is soft. Very pretty	 Fits well around	 but a curvy 5'5\ usually in a s/m the medium was just a little short. It will serve it's purpose but the halter is snug at the neck. I'd try a large next time and hope it's not too loose.""	review_date"
"I love this is so cute !  I just wish I got a small instead of a medium. It鈥檚 a little big on me I鈥檓 5鈥?.	review_date"
"Fit Just right! When I took it out of the package and seen it was a shear see thru material I thought for sure I was going to hate it and feel fat. It was just the opposite. I felt so good against my skin and I did not feel fat at all	 I felt sexy. I Love this little number and it is now my favorite.	review_date"
"The bottoms were... A one size thing so made for a umm smaller person then me. The rest of it is good .i love it	 it looks good on. No actual support for your boobs. But it's enough they look good. You do have to slide the fuzzy part over your face	 which isn't awesome. I mean I'd expect a hook closure at the boobs like most lingerie. It's sewn shut.	review_date"
"Really enjoyed this little number	 as did my husband. The material is very soft and has a little stretch to it. I ordered the large	 and it fit great. My ladies are not as perky as the models	 but it still looked good. I'm 5'4\	 160 lbs	 38D.""	review_date"
"This one fits just like the photo. I'm a large/14	 5'5\ 175 pounds with a 36DDD bra size. If you want to look sexy but worry about your tummy pooch	 this one is perfect. Super soft lacey stretchy fabric. Haven't worn or washed it yet aside from trying it on so hoping it stays true. Definitely recommend""	review_date"
"This one piece is so cute on and much softer material than i was expecting for the price! I am usually a large in bottoms and a medium/small in top (big butt	 not so much bust) and a medium works perfectly for me! I could see the lack of support in the boob area to be a problem of your better endowed than I. I love it! I will be shopping on this brand again	review_date"
"Fitment was good. The material is stretchy. The lower part can be moved aside for you know what.	review_date"
"Bought several outfits for a boudoir photo shoot I did for my husbands birthday. Got this outfit in red and black thinking I would just keep the one I liked best	 but i love them both so I鈥檓 keeping both. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 130 lbs and a 34D bust. Small fit perfect. Good quality especially for the price. Just make sure you wash in a lingerie bag on delicate cycle.	review_date"
"5鈥? curvy 160 lbs. LOVE THIS! It鈥檚 stretchy and goes on easily	 accentuates all the right areas	 covers the mama problem areas	 has a high bottom in back	 but the top is open so it completely works. Usually wear chemises/baby dolls thinking I鈥檇 be too self conscious for this shape 鈥?it鈥檚 perfect!!! This is my new favorite lingerie.	review_date"
"Super cheaply made.  Unless your body looks like the model's already	 this will look atrocious on you.  It's just a thin piece of lace.  Color is nice	 though.	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 size up unless you are between sizes. I am a true size medium in US sizing and ordered a large because of the size chart. The breast area is loose on me (34B) and the bottom section is super loose. It鈥檚 really cute though!	review_date"
"Even though it fits everywhere else it doesn't in my boobs. But it's ok if they pop out a bit. Drives my husband nuts when I wear this on Christmas for him	review_date"
"I use it as a bodysuit/shirt with jeans. I bought it in two colors. It鈥檚 sexy!I just didn鈥檛 like that it opens up to show my belly button.	review_date"
"If you are taller than 5'8\ don't order this. It''s absolutely beautiful and the fifteen minutes I was wearing it	 I felt absolutely awesome as far as confidence goes. But the front wedgie was terrible. #tootallforthis""	review_date"
"I'm 180lbs and I order it in large. It's not too stretchy but fits well and looks very sexy and beautiful . The only thing I don't like is that my boobs come off a little	 but it's fine though.	review_date"
"So in an effort to freshen up our marital life	 I purchased this for my wife saying that all I wanted for Christmas was her.. (wink wink). I can say that if you have a significant other with a higher sex drive than a bowl of cereal	 this could ignite your fire! Merry Christmas to you	 my friend.	review_date"
"Fit way better than I was expecting... and man	 did I look sexy. Good thing these wash up well! If you know what I mean "
"This is okay in the body but if you are large busted	 it is too small.	review_date"
"Gorgeous. Comfortable. I ordered a medium and I鈥檓 5鈥?4鈥?and 157 lbs	 but muscular.  36D	 fits perfect! Very sexy and soft material.  I would give it a 5 but i鈥檓 Going to move the bow down so that it鈥檚 more open and looks sexier	 so says my husband.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? 32c-26-38	 125lb athetetic build. Small fits great on me. It鈥檚 soft	 and form fitted.  Very comfortable to wear and is very flattering. I鈥檇 recommend it!	review_date"
"I love the feel of this material on	 felt like nothing at all. Looks exactly like picture. The only thing is that the little fuzz was coming off from the top but not to extreme.	review_date"
"Overall	 this was a great buy! I wish there was some sort of support for the breasts	 because it isn鈥檛 padded. To compensate	 I tried to tighten the straps a little more to hold the girls in place	 but it ended up just making the suit ride up my nether regions. It is good quality	 however	 and I am happy with my purchase!	review_date"
"Im 5'5 curvy 170lbs. Ordered a size large ! Very sexy.	review_date"
"5鈥?5鈥?122 lbs and I ordered the small. Fits perfect! I鈥檝e ordered other lingerie on amazon but this is my favorite. Husband loved it!	review_date"
"Fit as I hoped! I'm petite with large \girls\"" and it was super cute/sexy. My husband approved""	review_date"
"This item is something I could have found at my local retailer for about $8. Thin fabric	review_date"
"Super cute and fits great! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?180lbs and got a L. Super stretchy. I would buy again.	review_date"
"Ordered a size larger but was still small. Definitely recommend upsizing. Material was a little thin for my liking but overall it's a cute design.	review_date"
"It's large...bought the smallest one though. Good quality - can't complain about that but if it hangs on me the quality doesn't really matter at that point	review_date"
"Was beautiful in my opinion but my wife didn鈥檛 like the look but it fit her great	review_date"
"I am a Large	 so it fit great. The only issue is the high cut on the sides showed more stomach cleavage than I'd prefer	 but I got tons of compliements	review_date"
"I was not optimistic purchasing lingerie on Amazon. Boy was I wrong. This is actually super cute \u0026 the sizing was true. I washed it in cold water and hung to dry. My man was a huge fan as well lol	review_date"
"聽I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 140 lbs and have small boobs and I ordered a small and it fits great. Nipples and crotch are visible through material so I鈥檇 say this is for the bedroom only unless that鈥檚 the look you鈥檙e going for. Super stretchy and soft	review_date"
"I am 5'2	 125 and got the small. The bottoms were to big a little bit but the top was cute.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥? weigh 165lbs and a Large fit perfectly. The lace is so nice \u0026 soft and stretchy. The purple color is beautiful.	review_date"
The cami is nice and fits well.  The g-string is flimsy and fits poorly (but is unnecessary  
"Cute	 and fits as I would expect.  Comfortable	 soft material.  Just be aware that the entire piece is see through.  (the picture on the model doesn't show that. )  Also	 it would be nice if it opened all the way from the front.  You have to pull it over your head to take it off and on.	review_date"
"It fits as expected.  Stretchy material is forgiving.  馃槈	review_date"
"This fit me so perfectly. The material is lace	 so it is thin	 but I don鈥檛 mind it. It鈥檚 stretchy and quite comfortable.	review_date"
"Love how it fits (purchased a medium	 I鈥檓 5鈥? 150lb) and it looks super cute !!! It was a great price and I definitely think my husband will love it. I honestly recommend this product!	review_date"
"I'm always nervous about buying lingerie online but this is a great buy! Fits great and is beautiful! Love it!	review_date"
"This is great.  I love that it fits great.  It isn't uncomfortable at all.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 atewtchy	 beautiful lace. It鈥檚 so flattering. I love the cut of the bottoms and the deep V of the top. It is so so sexy.	review_date"
"very sexy	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 order this unless you want a gnarly front wedgie	review_date"
"I like the color	 the material	 but it was a little big on top.	review_date"
"I love this	 I feel like my boobs need a little more support in it though.	review_date"
"Missing a bow upon arrival	review_date"
"This fits true to size. Very stretchy material. I love it	review_date"
"Very sexy	 very stretchy	 very comfortable!  My boyfriend loves it.	review_date"
"adorable! also works as a cute bralette under a top	 if you are busty though it doesn't hold anything lol	review_date"
"Love	 love	 love this!  Such a nice color and oh so sexy!	review_date"
"Drop dead gorgeous. Came quickly...absolutely zero problems	review_date"
"Super cute	review_date"
"Fit as expected. I like things a little bigger so i ordered xxl. It was perfect. Beautiful color	review_date"
"my wife loves this teddy and so do I.. =)	review_date"
"OK	review_date"
"Cute and sexy	review_date"
"Arrived on time and looks sexy	review_date"
"Runs Small	 buy a size up.	review_date"
"I half expected it to be too small but it's a nice stretchy material and it fit nicely. It still looked fine after being washed and as I would suggest I let it air dry. My boyfriend described it as beautiful and alluring	review_date"
"This fits perfect! Size 14/16 bought an XL. It was a little lose on top	 (36 C) but by tightening the straps it made it perfect! Definitely will be buying more.	review_date"
"Love it it's so soft and fits perfectly!	review_date"
"Great for the holiday spirit! It鈥檚 cheap material though. Fit is OK	review_date"
"I鈥檓 petite with some extra busy	 fit well on the hips and neck	 but was just a tad small width wise on the bust area. Only issue is boobies falling when they鈥檙e supposed to stay in their assigned seating. Other that that	 works for its intentions!	review_date"
"I absolutely love it. I鈥檓 very self conscious but wanted to do something special for my boyfriend and I have to say I鈥檒l be buying more for my own sake. It fit perfectly and made me feel amazing! The fabric is soft and covered everything just right. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 160lbs and I got a medium.	review_date"
"I love it. My fianc茅 loved it. Great for the price! I am 5鈥? and 140lb and even though the Large doesn鈥檛 look bad	 I鈥檇 say that Medium would have been better. I was just afraid it would be made smaller	 but it鈥檚 not. It is true size!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute a tad small.. like maybe it鈥檚 not long enough.. but it鈥檚 cute so I can look past that minor flaw!	review_date"
"This is a nice item	 it's super cute and true to size.	review_date"
"So cute.	review_date"
"Idk why I thought there would be cups	 but I'm a bit chesty and this leaves something to be desired in that area. I'm constantly adjusting. However very nice color	 nice material	 pretty flattering.	review_date"
"Product fits great and is exactly like the photo.	review_date"
"Beautiful and well made. I love this brand	review_date"
"This was a sexy garment that made for a very special night. The only suggestion I鈥檇 make is to possibly add some breast support	 as it tended to ride up. Kept having to pull it down to fit correctly.	review_date"
"I love this!! It fit perfect	review_date"
"The material is soft and nicer than expected. It is a lovely style and hangs of the body nicely. It comes with a g-sring as well so that is a bonus. I look forward to putting it on for a special occasion.	review_date"
"Great material!	review_date"
"Fun item	review_date"
"Exactly like picture balls fell off as putting on	review_date"
"Omg. Favorite piece of lingerie EVER! Soft and comfortable	 fits perfectly"
"I am 5'0 and 107 lbs	 I ordered a size small and it fit me perfectly. It looks lovely. The only thing I do not like so much is the bow.	review_date"
"Fit perfect	review_date"
"Fits great other than the top is super loose for a medium	 may be my own fault for being part of the itty bitty dirty committee but the bottom half fits great	review_date"
"Really awesome quality and you can look really good in this. Perfect for Christmas :)	review_date"
"Very pretty and quality is fine for the price.  I'm 5'5\ and 120 lbs.  An X-Small size option would have been better for me. It's not as revealing as what's shown on the model given my size ---""	review_date"
"Love it! Fits great	 very soft and sexy. Color is bright and beautiful just like the pic. Can鈥檛 wait to wear it!	review_date"
"So cheap looking nothing like in the photo.	review_date"
"Super comfortable soft lace.	review_date"
"Am 5'8 182 pounds and i took a chance in ordering a Large and it fits perfect i love it and so did my husband am definitely  would be ordering more	review_date"
"This is a precious piece of lingerie. Very soft and well put together. Definitely worth the money. Im 5'4 and 130 lbs	 32 c	 and got the small. It fit the way it was meant to.	review_date"
"It鈥檚 literally the crotch then BOOM the chest? What is supposed to cover the crotch??? So disappointed	review_date"
"I just love the way this piece fits! I鈥檓 so excited because we are getting ready to take a cruise and it鈥檚 just going to be myself and mister 馃槒. No kids	 so let the good	 sexy	 fun begin 馃榿	review_date"
"Nice piece of lingerie for the price. However	 it does not offer any breast support at all. No adjustable bands.	review_date"
"Very flattering! Love the wine color!	review_date"
"incredible so happy with this!	review_date"
"Fits amazing. Very flattering as well as forgiving in the mid section area. I paired it with thigh high from amazon as well. Boyfriend went crazy and he enjoyed it as well.	review_date"
I am about 5鈥? and weight about 120-125 lbs. I usually wear a small but I got a large because thought it might end up being smaller
"Nice	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"My husband loved it it fit perfectly	review_date"
"I'm a Lil bit more on the thick curvy side... And its perfect	 very sexy. A good lingerie for a good price	review_date"
"IM 5'1\ 140# . FITS PERFECT. I LOVE IT""	review_date"
"Very sexy and beautiful	review_date"
"So pretty on.	review_date"
"This review is for the Santa lingerie set. It is terrible quality. The feathers on it suck and are very itchy.	review_date"
"good quality. fits fine. nothing special	review_date"
"Belly opening is a little off but very soft lace fabric color is as expected. Runs a tiny bit big but nothing noticeable. Weird cut tbh	review_date"
"Cheap looking. Doesn鈥檛 look like picture. Wouldn鈥檛 buy.	review_date"
"A little snug	 but once you get it on it fits like a glove. Sexy	 amazing	 and just made me feel super confident.	review_date"
"This was all around perfect for me. I'm 5'2 and 115 lbs. I ordered a small.	review_date"
"Mrs. Claus is ready!	review_date"
"Flattering and pretty. Fit well!	review_date"
"Great quality. I ordered another	review_date"
"I really liked the product. No complaints.	review_date"
"love it!! and so did he!	review_date"
"Very cute and the material is perfect! The lace does not pull easily	 which is something I was worried about. However	 it鈥檚 a little too small length wise	 but fits well ofherwise!	review_date"
"Cute	 but definitely go a size DOWN. I got a large and really wished I got the medium cuz it鈥檚 just a bit too big. It is cute though and I鈥檒l still wear it!	review_date"
"Nice if you want to cover a little gut but still be sexy	review_date"
"Nery nice 馃憤馃従 I鈥檓 5鈥? 170 and I bought medium Ifts perfect 馃憣馃従	review_date"
"Fits well	 looks good on it	 it's thinner than I thought it might have been but very good for price paid. I will be buying more .	review_date"
"Fits great and looks great!	review_date"
"its super cute and looks like the picture	 I ordered a small and it was a little loose on me	 but not too bad for the price	 good quality and cute!	review_date"
"Lovely. Material is soft and nice. Might have gotten a size too big but still fits well. All in all bf loves it and so did I. Would buy again	review_date"
"I absolutely love this one piece. Very soft material and fit perfectly. I'm 5'2 and 145 pounds got the large because I am a 34D bra. Looks just as pictured.	review_date"
"cheep material	review_date"
"Super soft. And the fit was great!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 typically a medium	 I order large. Fits great	review_date"
"Fits as expected and looks Great! Fabric is very comfortable.	review_date"
"Not true to size go smaller then what you would think	review_date"
"Kinda falls apart(the feathers get everywhere). But it鈥檚 cheap so what do you except	review_date"
"鉂わ笍	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute. I got a small and I鈥檓 5鈥? and 125 pounds. I鈥檓 satisfied	review_date"
"Very pretty and soft to the touch. My husband likes it and so do I!	review_date"
"Absolutely perfect. Well made. Fits perfect. I ordered a medium	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?130 lbs.	review_date"
"LOVED IT! 馃槏馃檶馃徎 Would definitely buy again! Super comfortable and light makes me look thinner!	review_date"
"Beautiful fit	 absolute dream when on	 soft material and very sexy.	review_date"
"I loved this piece	 fabric was really soft and it fit so perfect. Beautiful piece	 it also arrived on time! Thanks so much 馃	review_date"
"Super cute and has adjustable straps too! For reference I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 175 lbs.	review_date"
"I absolutely love this piece	 it is one of my favorites!!!!! It鈥檚 comfy and stretchy I could just lay around the house in it all day.	review_date"
"I'm 5'9 and it was a bit short for me length wise but fit pretty well overall. My boyfriend definitely loved it on me!	review_date"
"Hides and exposes the right parts 鉂?	review_date:April 2	 2018""	star"
"Very beautiful	. very thin material but beautiful on	review_date"
"Very pleased with product as the material is good than expected	 and it has g string	review_date"
"My wife loves the design and she said it was comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"Beautiful. Lovely material and very comfortable.	review_date"
"My absolute favorite piece in my collection. Can't wait to buy more!	review_date"
"Fits great! True to size as very comfortable	review_date"
"cheap quality but also priced right	review_date"
"It鈥檚 very sexy fits perfectly and would highly recommend	review_date"
"Hubby and I loved this.	review_date"
"Fit was as expected. And the fabric is good quality	review_date"
"Comfortable and flattering	review_date"
"Love this product because it is adjustable and very high quality.	review_date"
"It is a very sexy lingerie. I love it. The price is perfect too	review_date"
"Super sexy. Looks exactly like the photos. True to size.	review_date"
"Wife loved it!!	review_date"
"This is a very cute piece. Although I'm not sure it looks good for my body shape.	review_date"
"Fits perfect! Love it!	review_date"
"Very cheap and not worth the purchase	review_date"
"Very soft material and very flattering! I feel great in this lingerie!	review_date"
"It is so well made	 delicate and soft lace.  It fits well and I just love it!!!	review_date"
"Material is great. I'm 5'10\ and on the heavier side and this still looked great!""	review_date"
"Too sexy!	review_date"
"Love it it鈥檚 flattering and comfortable	review_date"
"It is waaaaay to big	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable. Gorgeous wine color. Fits true to size.	review_date"
"Very very Nice! Size are US true sizes	review_date"
"Bueno y a tienpo	review_date"
"great buy	review_date"
"It fit perfectly and was great!	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable	review_date"
"This looks exactly as pictured and is made well. I'm 5'5''	 160lbs and a 36B	 carry most of my weight in my hips and thighs. The only complaint is the top is pretty loose	 you see this on the sides of your waist and breasts if you have a similar build to mine	 they could have rouched or darted the seams or something to make it fit your body more naturally.	review_date"
"Exactly like the picture	review_date"
"too big	review_date"
"beautiful as it looks.I love this piece of lingerie  it鈥檚 perfect. Looks amazing for a special night with your special one he will love it. so comfortable. Size fits perfect. Material super soft.  Love it 馃槏	review_date"
"This is very flattering	 pretty	 and soft. I ordered this one and some different brands that also got good reviews	 but the fit was better on this one and and much softer too. I like that the v cut has that little closure because it pulls the fabric in at the waist and gives a nicer silhouette than the ones left open. I would definitely buy again. The dark red is a very pretty wine color that looks expensive.	review_date"
"I have a medium to large bust and am about 5\8. I am usually a M or a size 6. I bought the Large and it fit perfectly. The product looks amazing and is good quality for the price (don't expect Victoria's Secret	 but it is ideal for a one or two time wear for a special occasion. I would definitely purchase again.""	review_date"
"This outfit was adorable. However	 it ran a bit big and was not nearly as revealing as I was anticipating. I bought for a boudoir shoot	 and after trying this on	 it felt like I was wearing something that was totally full coverage. Kinda just hung on me too - I'm a 34DD	 size 26 pants	 appx 130lbs	 and purchased a small.	review_date"
"Loved this! I'm very hesitant on buying anything to wear that I can't actually try on. I got a medium and I'm short in height and average in weight (4'11 and 138) and it fits so great!	review_date"
"the two breast panels were not the same size.	review_date"
"Love this piece! So sexy and comfortable! I feel great in it!	review_date"
"need a bra or sum with it. Just for my heavy chest women	 like myself. but overall	  it's sexy. Don't hesitate to buy I received it in Jan and still have it!!! Thank you	 for this product. \u0026 im just giving my personal experience with this product	 not paid for my feedback or anything like that.	review_date"
"This outfit is so cute! It鈥檚 very comfortable and fit perfectly! I love this and it鈥檚 very festive.	review_date"
"Fit great but while trying it on the bow in the front broke off. I was very disappointed. My boobs kept popping out .	review_date"
"I ordered small	 but fits like a large. Basically if you鈥檙e B cup or below	 it will look big and unflattering at the top.	review_date"
"This was just as advertised.  It looks beautiful! I bought it for a boudoir photo shoot and it was perfect.	review_date"
"I give this a two star	 because the material is very uncomfortable on the skin and is rough to the touch. It also does fit well on the larger sizes and makes it look tacky. My fianc茅 loved it but I don鈥檛.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loves it! I wish it could鈥檝e been cotton down there since I have sensitive skin	review_date"
"Did not fit as expected in my hip area and the piece of thread in between the bra area tore as I pulled it on so I never even got to where it. Not pleased	review_date"
"Received this and the bow is only connected to one side. I will need to sew it to the other side since I need it this weekend for a lingerie party. I will not purchase from this vendor again.	review_date"
"Fits well	 very flattering. However as soon as I tried it on the bow fell off and it鈥檚 not very secure on my boobs	 they keep falling out. Good for the price and for shopping on amazon.	review_date"
"Super sexy!!! Hubby LOVES!!!!	review_date"
"Very pretty color	 but it this just fits rather big! I would reccomend if you are a small to order a XS instead	review_date"
"Fit perfectly definitely worth it	review_date"
"smells like toxic waste plant	review_date"
"It鈥檚 cute but it definitely doesn鈥檛 support the girls. Size down.	review_date"
"The material was very nice and soft!	review_date"
"It does look like the picture however the top was so big it look amazing on bottom and stomach area then like lose fabric at the top. I pinned it up a certain way and it still looked nice . I wouldn鈥檛 order another one due to the fact that Idk if my boobs are too small size c/d or if item is not measured correctly. Ps there is no support so hopefully the girls don鈥檛 sag.	review_date"
"A lot more sheer than I expected. And when I put it on	 I noticed it was sewn together very unevenly so i have to fight it to look symmetrical on my body and constantly re adjust. It鈥檚 cute when I fix it until it goes back to being uneven	 though.	review_date"
"No support for large chested girls.	review_date"
"Very nice quality	 especially for how inexpensive the teddy is. Love the look	 but the small was too loose on me. I wish it came in XS	 or even XXS.	review_date"
"Too large not as expected. Waste of money.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Bae's gonna love it. It's part of his Christmas gift. Thanks and will shop here again.	review_date"
"Purchased it for my S/O and she loved it I went with the normal size she wears in clothes and it fit perfectly for her as far as length and width. Even the breast area was not like really baggy even though the model shown is very full. Overall a really great gift	 definitely give it a good wash before you present it because it has a really strong plastic smell right out of the package but I would recommend this purchase	review_date"
"My wife loves this and so do I. It鈥檚 sheer and sexy	 bottoms are optional	 Christmas gets to come over and over	review_date"
"Everything fit well except the neck band was way too tight so I had to do a little alteration to it. I am 5鈥?鈥?and have a long torso	 I normally wear a medium in everything. I would order a large next time.	review_date"
"One of my hubby's favorites.  Stretchy and form fitting without being tight or binding.  Easy on/off	review_date"
I love it
"Just received my halter lingerie	 and absolutely loved it. Fits as expected. Fits just a tiny bit big in the breast area but it鈥檚 not bad. Chest area still fits decently \u0026 doesn鈥檛 fall out of lace. Color is gorgeous.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? 157 lbs and a 36ddd up top. Fits well. Was hoping it fit a little tighter up top but it still looked good.  Ordered size L	review_date"
"It fit perfectly. I鈥檓 a thicker medium and it is stretchy.	review_date"
"True to size FITS PERFECT	review_date"
"I usually don't post reviews unless something is really bad and I feel like I need to warn people OR unless I'm giving a glowing five star report.  But I decided to review this nightie for a reason.  The material was a nice quality and the nightie is very well made (no sloppy sewing or strings hanging out). The red was a beautiful color and it was very sexy.  I absolutely would recommend it to someone who was buying it for a romantic evening. But only if you have an hour glass figure.  I'm 49 years old and have two teenagers.  I just wanted something comfy to sleep in ( I wear nothing but lightweight nighties to bed because I live in Florida).  The side slit was too high and the mid-section hugged my stomach too tightly... and I just didn't feel like it was the type of thing I could stand in the kitchen wearing at 5am when I'm bleary eyed and making coffee before I get ready for work.  That's what I was looking for.  I'm 5'7\ and 150	 relatively athletic build	 and the large just hugged a little too much on my imperfections.  But if you have that hour glass figure that I once had in college and you want something nice and sexy	 you might really like this. As for me	 I returned mine.""	review_date"
"Love it. Bought in two colors. The material is soft	 sturdy	 and breathable. The look is super simple and the lace gives a nice enough touch so that I don't feel like a train wreck mom.	review_date"
"This nighty is so soft and comfortable!  It's exactly what I was hoping to find.  It's conservative enough to wear around the house on a warm morning but still feminine and just a tad sexy to wear in the bedroom.  Fits loose yet flattering in my usual size (small).  Going to buy another one so while one is in the laundry I'll have the other.	review_date"
I love the ease of wear for this nightie - its the first one i've been able to wear to bed and it doesn't try to strangle me while I'm sleeping.
"One of the plastic rings that holds one of the shoulder straps broke within an hour of going to bed (unfortunately not due to any rough excitement). I ended up sewing both straps and removing the cheap plastic rings... now I鈥檓 satisfied with the product. Just s bummer I had to do that. It鈥檚 cute and comfy for sleeping.	review_date"
"This is my favorite night gown! I'm 5'4 and 125lbs and got the medium but it is a little big. I could wear a small for sure. It is so soft and comfortable and the lace on the bottom adds some sexiness. I live in this	 you won't regret getting it!	review_date"
"I have a lot of night is like this but most of them have lace on them	 which my boyfriend doesn鈥檛 love the texture of. I have one like this with no lace but it鈥檚 kind of casual looking. This night he is the perfect fabric and also looks really sexy. It鈥檚 his favorite one	 and mine too - because it drapes beautifully and feels like buttery stretchy silk.	review_date"
"I received my sleepwear and was very pleased with the fit and the feel of it.  The material is very soft to the touch and comfortable to wear.	review_date"
"This is comfortable and looks very nice. The material is soft	 and the workmanship appears to be good	 but I have not washed it. I usually wear a Large or Medium	 and ordered an XXL	 which fits.	review_date"
"Material seems to run large. It鈥檚 baggy and much longer than shown on the model. The lace at the bottom looks cheap.However	 it IS extremely soft and comfy. Sexy and still covers all the important bits without being see-through thin. I feel like I probably ordered the worm color for me as well. The grey just looked really boring. Like a sack. I鈥檓 going to try to reorder in a size medium in the navy color.	review_date"
"Holy crap. This nightgown is everything. Literally the softest thing ever. So comfy. Buy one. You won鈥檛 regret it.	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable gown. I got it in navy	 pretty color. Washes well. The straps are a bit long even after shortened	review_date"
"I highly recommend getting this! It's really soft and feminine and very very comfortable. I like how it's not too short	 but still looks pretty. I have it in two colors I liked it so much. Very flattering!	review_date"
"This isn't nice and soft and silky and flattering. I wear a medium in pretty much everything and this is no exception	review_date"
"Absolutely love this slip. It鈥檚 so comfortable and very cute and stylish. I was looking to replace some of my night gowns due to the fact that my breasts sometimes wound up out of the top. I鈥檓 happy to say that since I鈥檝e had this slip everything stays in place up top. Ready to order more!	review_date"
"One of the few clothing items I've purchased on Amazon that is flattering and comfortable. My husband loved it.	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Slight flare on bottom at lace. Soft and comfy. Can be worn to sleep in or slip. I usually wear a medium but the small fit just right. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 34DD	 150lbs and size 4-6 in jeans.	review_date"
"I love this night gown. It's super soft	 comfortable and sexy yet covers all the necessary parts to walk around the house. I would buy more if there were more colors available.	review_date"
"This is for a gift. Delighted with the fact that it鈥檚 well-made and attention to detail was paid. Adjustable straps	 lace is pretty	 sewn well	 and not scratchy. Do plan to let it unwrinkle. But it does. Nice for the price!	review_date"
"Love!!! This was a great purchase!!! Super adorable and great quality! I鈥檓 so pleased! Update- the lace has torn off	 its washed well but shrunk somewhat. I still love it and I will be buying another	review_date"
"Good quality and true to the size. I really like it.	review_date"
"Fits well  - material is nice. Would recommend.	review_date"
"Lovely fit	 color and material. Would order again.	review_date"
"Perfect length for hot summers in the Southwest.	review_date"
"Very sexy wife loves it and I do to	review_date"
"Super soft fabric. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"Nice and soft	review_date"
"So very soft	 you cant even tell you are wearing anything.  But decent enough to run around the house in.	review_date"
"This fit as expected for the main top portion of the gown. However on the bottom of mine the lace portion seemed tighter and did not flow down like the rest of it	review_date"
"Fits nice and loose like youd want for a bedtime outfit	review_date"
"Boyfriend loves it. Very good quality for the price.	review_date"
"was cute til I washed it.... straps are flimsy	review_date"
"Really cute! I look a great!	review_date"
"This gowns are so soft. I bought 2	 and going to buy more!	review_date"
"Super cute ! Super soft ! Just like wearing a t except super cute !	review_date"
"Great material	 holds up in wash! Good cut for a low back!	review_date"
"Great fabric	 looks good on	review_date"
"I sent this back because it was way too big.	review_date"
"Love it as slip or sleep	review_date"
"fit right for my wife. feel comfy and soft	 she like it.	review_date"
"Comfy	 soft	 and cute	review_date"
"It was the perfect gift	review_date"
"love this nightie...so does the boyfriend!  was a huge hit!  ordered two more...in addition	 very	 very comfortable.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Light weight and comfy. Will order more. Went up a size since it has adjustable straps and I like it to be nice and loose.	review_date"
"Accurate description and fast shipping	review_date"
"It is 95%polyester not rayon as it was written 	 the lace on the side is not neat on both items I ordered	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 nice soft material	 and will re-order in other colors. It is button-down in the front"
"Very comfortable but the straps are not that great. They are adjustable but look extremely cheapy \u0026 are constantly crooked.	review_date"
"Fits just right. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Love it very comfortable	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"This is so soft...so comfortable...I am very picky...I liked this so much...I bought 2 more!	review_date"
"Lace ripped off in first wash cycle on delicate	review_date"
"Soft and sexy with a nice fit. True to size	 don鈥檛 order too large. Lace is good quality. Comfy to sleep in.	review_date"
"Comfy casual but a little girly w the lace-have several colors. Love it.	review_date"
"My wife loves it!! It fits her curves	 just right!!!	review_date"
"Washes like a dream. Comfy to sleep in.	review_date"
"Nice soft material.	review_date"
"So comfortable and still sexy!  I love this.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Love this night slip! Perfect for a summer night!	review_date"
"Very cute. Looks and fits just like the picture. The fabric is very delicate though	 so be careful washing it	 and probably only going to be good for a few wears.	review_date"
"This is a beautiful piece. I got the the medium wine/red. I'm 5'1\ 135 lbs with 34D cup. All the reviews said it was a little big	 but I stuck with the medium anyway. It is a tiny bit loose	 but that's okay it still looks great. I probably could have gone with the small and been okay. The color's beautiful it's very soft. I'm so happy with it for the price! This is the second item I've ordered from Avidlove and I'm avidly in love with their products now.""	review_date"
"I love this so much!!! its the 3rd time ive ordered from this company and i am always pleased. I am 5'6 and 140lbs. I have 34 B cup and super thick in my thighs/butt area. I ordered a small and it hugs my curves beautifully. I think had I gone with the medium it would be too loose. So I went down a size since it is stretchy. its great.	review_date"
"This is very pretty and will probably be flattering on most body types. Be aware that the support for the girls is not amazing.  I do wish that the straps on the side were made out of the same material as the shoulder straps	 because that would help a lot with the support.I am 5'9\	 192 lbs	 and I ordered the largest available size- I probably could have gone a size smaller	 but I can do some fairly easy adjustments on my own. If the straps on the side were sturdier	 I would have given this 5 stars! For the price	 very good.""	review_date"
"Very nice product but I read the reviews and ordered a size up. Big mistake. I am 5\6 and was a 208lbs when I bought it and it was still too big. I should have bought a Large and NOT a Extra Large. Very sexy I think its a good buy.""	review_date"
"The only thing that's different about this in person vs. how it's pictured on the model is that I am not a model. I am an average sized woman with DD breasts that could never be described as \perky\"". This lace has NO SUPPORT for the tatas	 but i love my breasts and I love this lace.""	review_date"
"Very cute but as expected I have a long torso so it doesn鈥檛 look exactly as it should but it鈥檚 still very cut on and comfortable. I am a size 18/20 in pants and the 2x was perfect	review_date"
"Love this brand but this is not exactly my favorite piece from them. It鈥檚 cute enough to keep	 it ran a little big on me	 I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?160lbs- I needed a small.	review_date"
"Very flattering	 and comfortable.I think this will accommodate most bodytypes. Nice and soft and stretchy. The crotch actually does what it's supposed to.. it stays in place and doesn't dig in at all which is not the case for most teddies i've worn. I'm 5'11 36DDD and a US size 13 usually. I got the large. I don't this this will work for very short women.I love this and want it in like every color.	review_date"
"Little too big! But my hubby loved it! I鈥檓 5鈥?0鈥?with 175 lb. I bought size XL but I think L should work. Nice fabric too!	review_date"
"Love this. Just a warning: not much support for big breasts	 but that鈥檚 to be expected for this type of lingerie. I am 5鈥? and 38DD and ordered a Large. Fits great. Fabric feels a little thin and flimsy so just need to be careful taking off.	review_date"
"This is so sexy. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?about 170lbs. I鈥檓 not one to wear tight fitting lingerie... that being said if you have curves it hugs in all the right places. If you鈥檙e looking for something a little out of your norm and are considering something a little tighter than you鈥檇 usually buy - I absolutely suggest this.	review_date"
"Has a good elastic fit. I would say pretty true to size.	review_date"
"It does not have wires so the support for large breast is not ideal but it does work pretty well. The colour is beautiful and it is true to image.	review_date"
"I am pleasantly surprised. I ordered a 2x...I fluctuate between sizes 18 \u0026 20. I am also 5鈥?鈥? Length was perfect. Fit fantastic and material was stretchy and very forgiving. Almost like I had nothing on. So comfortable!!!	review_date"
"I am breastfeeding	 so my boobs are large	 and it was still long/roomy on the top for me.  Would fit perfectly on a longer torso.  Flatters the hips and butt.  I am pear shaped	 5'3\ and 150 lbs and size Medium worked well.""	review_date"
"Very cute	 but can鈥檛 wear it for long... was hoping to wear it under my dress all night but the fabric stretched within the first few minutes and it was loosing its elasticity.  Never got its shape back.	review_date"
"Bit snug on a longer torso but still cute and functional.	review_date"
"fits a bit loose (XXL) but I ordered all the other colors one size down to see if they would fit a bit more snug \u0026 supports the \girls\"" a little better.  I am 5'10 @ 181lbs \u0026 38DDD/E bust.  It's very comfortable / stretchy \u0026 sexy!""	review_date"
"Such a pretty piece! The fit was a little on the big side. The lace along the hips and the thong strap were loose	 but it still fits well enough to wear. Overall I really like it!	review_date"
"This is so fantastic for the price. I have gone to lingerie stores and spent significantly more for pieces like this	 which are of the same quality and style. The fit	 cut	 color and style were all fantastic.	review_date"
"I'm 5'8\ 166 pounds. My bust is 39 inches	 waste 34	 and hips 39. I ordered an XL and it fit PERFECT!! It's so comfortable and light. I love this.""	review_date"
"The color was very pretty but the make of it was kind of cheap. I was refunded quickly and I appreciate that. I wear a Im 5'2	155	 and wear 36C. The front was kind of big on my chest and the back came up too far so It lost its sexy appeal.If you get this Id suggest you having a big chest to kind of pull the material out some more.	review_date"
"Cute and well made for the price	 but runs pretty big. I鈥檓 5-4	 140 and usually always wear a medium. The medium I received was huge and the straps won鈥檛 stay up. I鈥檓 going to return and get a small. Also	 the blue is not navy like the pic. It鈥檚 cobalt blue.	review_date"
"The material is very thin theres no support in the breast area what soever and its kinda loose i ordered a 2 x because im tall and have a thicker body shape and its still hangs funny not ideal and wouldn't buy again.	review_date"
"Looks and feels great	 long body but somehow fits the wife. Cant decide if its to small or to long so I review fits expected.	review_date"
"she loved it and so did i!!!!!!	review_date"
"Fits okay. Im a small girl 135 ibs 5'4 in height and a mediun fits fine. Just wish I received the color I ordered which was purple not red! Fyi this product was made in chona woth cheap material.	review_date"
"This lingerie is pure garbage a size small fits like a large it's made out of cheap material it looks like you bought it from the 99 Cent Store. The minute I took it out the package I tried it on and threw it in the garbage!!!	review_date"
"I ordered a 2XL thinking it was cut small but the products from this line are true to size for us women of curvaceousness.	review_date"
"It's really pretty \u0026 sexy. I ordered a medium but it's a little big. I'm 5'3	 140 lbs. Should've ordered small.	review_date"
"This is a sexy teddy and it holds you together well! It fits true to size and is comfortable to wear	 also hides your belly if you have one. I would purchase again!	review_date"
"I am 128lbs 5鈥?. I have a smaller chest with a fuller bottom. The size medium fit great! Definitely a favorite!	review_date"
"It wore it a couple times and hand washed it only but it did start to unravel in the front where the lace was. I had to toss ot and was not happy because I really liked it and so did my husband.	review_date"
"I have gotten a few things from avid love and all at size xl. This is the only one that ran big.... :(	review_date"
"Excellent quality. The lace is strong and stretchy. Accentuates the hourglass figure because of where the cross sits. Gives you a wedgie	 which is nice for your butt and comfy if you like thongs. Looks cute on its own	 or over a tight deep v neck tee.	review_date"
"A+Very surprised it is actually super cute! I ordered a small 130lbs 5'6 fits perfectly. True to size and good quality. Definitely recommend.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 45 and this fit great.	review_date"
"I wish I could upload a pic	 lol	 but I鈥檓 just not gone do it! I love this and my husband couldn鈥檛 keep his hands off of me! Ordered my usual size xl	review_date"
"Whoa! This product is delicate and sexy.I sent my husband a preview picture of me trying them on and got his mind blown! So sexy.	review_date"
"This was one of my lingerie for my honeymoon	 my husband was very pleased.	review_date"
"This was SEXY. My husband was very happy for V Day. Get you one ladies	review_date"
"I am literally shocked how much I love this. It fits so good and looks so nice on. Very flattering.	review_date"
"Loved this little number! Fits great and looks great	 too!	review_date"
"fit perfectly	 really impressed with the quality and style. Did not disappoint.	review_date"
"It's was so sexy fitted on me I loved it so much and a small is what I ordered I'm size m/l usually and the small was a tiny bit big but it worked perfect	review_date"
"Very pretty in person	 but it was way too big. I ordered a small	 and I'm 5'4\	 120lbs	 34b. I felt like a large. I returned it.""	review_date"
"Sexy product	 no complaints	review_date"
"I'm very self conscious but in this I feel sexy and amazing. My boyfriend loves it	review_date"
"THis product is very cheap and poorly made. Feels like it will fall part after first use	 fits poorly	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable to wear. Isn't cheaply made.	review_date"
"Very sexy. I usually wear a large and it fit well.	review_date"
"My husband loves it.  Fits perfectly and very flattering.	review_date"
"True to size and very sexy husband loved it... will buy more in other colors	review_date"
"Ugly cheap horrible	review_date"
"Pretty sad about this item. I'm giving it 3 stars because it looks exactly like the picture it's just wayy too big on me. I'm 5'3 and 140 pounds and ordered a small and it was huge. Granted I'm only an 32 A bust	 but I thought a small would fit	review_date"
"It is pretty but too big.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? about 162 this outfit fit perfectly in a medium ! Sexy stretchy flattering no Man loved it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"This was the other piece i had ordered and it was so unporportioned. I dont even think it was made for a womens body. I think it was made for a horse or something. I am so disappointed with this piece.	review_date"
"Beautiful on and looks like the picture. I ordered a large and it was too big. Im 5'8 and typically wear a size 10. Nice otherwise	review_date"
"Absolutely love AvidLove and the quality of their products	review_date"
"The fit wasn鈥檛 as tight as I鈥檇 expected.	review_date"
"Just gorgeous on a curvy body. Love it.	review_date"
"sexy! get it	review_date"
"I honestly wasn鈥檛 a huge fan of this at all. The straps were way too big and kept falling down when I was wearing it. I was super excited for this to come in and was disappointed when it came in. The only part I liked the best was the back	 that鈥檚 actually looked good	review_date"
"A little flimsy in the fabric but looked and fit great.	review_date"
"The love look \u0026 fit	review_date"
"this product was of good quality	 should look even sexier with pruple stockings	review_date"
"I bought this as a bride's gift for a bachelorette party. It's very pretty	 but the lace is a little flimsy and doesn't seem like high quality.	review_date"
"My mate loves this on me!!! I just loved the reaction that I got! I will purchase from this merchant again!	review_date"
"great quality perhaps runs a bit large	review_date"
"So sexy	 I want every color. Runs true to size.	review_date"
"Absolutely loooove it!! I need more from this company asap. The material is so soft and it looks amazing on. I wasn鈥檛 too sure about this peice but so glad I ordered it.	review_date"
"Beautiful same as photo and good quality	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Kinda cheap... but cute.	review_date"
"I was a little skeptical but it was perfect	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it!!!! Soooo sexy! Not high quality material	 but once your boo sees this on you... he wont care what material its made out of lol!	review_date"
"for the price	 this item exceeded my expectations	review_date"
"Buena calidad	review_date"
"It looks nicer in the picture than in person and it could鈥檝e been thighter especially on the shoulder straps. I鈥檓 not a fan but my bf loves it.	review_date"
"Color was good! But it was definitely a bit large	review_date"
"My husband Loved it! It fit perfect!	review_date"
"Quality and product was great and looks true to the advertised photo however I ordered a medium and it fits like an extra large. And im thick...	review_date"
"Very nice for price !	review_date"
"Nice lingerie.	review_date"
"Confortable and beautiful!!	review_date"
"This item is okay. I don't hate it and I don't love it. It's too big	 but I think I can make it work. I'm just irritated that I have to try to make it work at all.	review_date"
"Great product	 great service	 would buy again!	review_date"
"Very cute and sexy. Like that the fabric is soft and light. Very comfy . Good value for the price	review_date"
"Fits a bit smaller than expected however material is forgiving.	review_date"
"Product was extremely stretched out	review_date"
"My wife loves it will be ordering other colors	review_date"
"This fit very well and was super cute	 but the top was made uneven	 which is the only reason I鈥檓 not giving this 5 stars	review_date"
"I felt sexy in it	 and my boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"my boyfriend loved it! its super cute and the lace quality was surprisingly good	review_date"
"I ordered a small..and it's really big. I'm normally a 7/9 and this thing is nearly falling off.	review_date"
"Would order in other colors!	review_date"
"Loved the color. Exactly as pictured.	review_date"
"Item runs big	review_date"
"Just a little big but looks awesome	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Its cute but a little large on me.	review_date"
"The style is phenominal	review_date"
"Adore this look. Want to buy it in all colors.	review_date"
"I love the color. It fits like a glove. Very sexy!	review_date"
"Loved it but was too big. I am 5鈥? 165 pounds and a medium didn鈥檛 fit well needed a small	review_date"
"Great lingeri. Fits great for my size.	review_date"
"Fit perfect!	review_date"
"Fits great. Looks exactly like the picture.	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"Received this item and it was REDICULOUSLY long and the material was very cheap compared to what it looks like in pictures	review_date"
"This fit super cute. I would recommend.	review_date"
"it鈥檚 really cute but it fits weird on me definitely too big kinda sad it doesn鈥檛 fit :/	review_date"
"Very pretty outfit and resonable priced	 size fit except the waist is too loose. Will definitely come back buying other items.	review_date"
"Wife loved it	 very comfortable material.	review_date"
"I love the way it fit the color was as the picture shown	review_date"
"Fits beautifully and is super flattering!	review_date"
"The color is sexy	 fit like a glove	review_date"
"Surprisingly a medium fits quite large. I wish it was smaller.	review_date"
"Loved it!	review_date"
"i love it just the fact that its a bit large but i'll just adjust it	review_date"
"Comfortable and strechy	review_date"
"Great for the price.  Fits well.  Very pretty.	review_date"
"My wife bought this and she loved it	 it fit perfectly on her	review_date"
"The material is soft and comfy	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Just got it today and couldn鈥檛 wait to try it on. It fits perfectly and is extremely flattering. I鈥檓 a small person and I was very happy with the way it hugged my body! Would recommend to anyone (not sure how supportive it would be for someone with a large chest though) I am a 34B	review_date"
"Perfect fit	review_date"
"Fits perfect.	review_date"
"Great item.	review_date"
"I was really looking forward to receiving this item and saw the good reviews so it seemed promising. However	 I just received my item and it came defective. One entire side of it had no shoulder strap sewn on at all. The right side has a strap and the left side had nothing so the item is completely unwearable and defective. I鈥檓 very disappointed. At first I thought that it was maybe a detachable strap that came off in the packaging but it is not. The straps are sewn on and the left side was completely missing.	review_date"
"PLEASE ignore the feedback on this seller for the mirror.  I totally posted to the wrong seller.  This product for the money is a deal deal deal.  It's sexy and fun fit was big on me but it works fine.  Prompt delivery and it was as advertised.  Buy it you will be happy you did.	review_date"
"Theres no support...ithe colors nice.	review_date"
"Horrible	review_date"
"I got a kids cardigan instead of the teddy....	review_date"
"It fits my sugar baby perfect. Shes 5	3 127lbs of fun:) She looked so hot in it I got super big and thick and hard:) We had fun over and over and over again all night long"
"I could not stop laughing when I put this on. What a nightmare. It is literally just a giant lace body thong. If you have boobs - DO NOT BUY. Absolutely no support	 does not look attractive whatsoever.	review_date"
"This sexy outfit looks beautiful on my body and on the hanger! I loved that I added this to my collection! The smile I see on my husbands face when he's picking out the evening outfit! Mmmm you know a good time is coming! The size fit me perfectly! I love How this outfit fits me	 it's hugs all the right places! I love were the material lands in my body!If you like to please your partner I would for sure add this to your collection! My husbands smile lights up. His words it looks beautiful on you and I bet it will look beautiful on the floor.... :)The seller shipped it fast! And the package was like any other so I had no idea what it was till I got it home! Which in my opinion was a good thing for this type of buy!	review_date"
"I'm 5'0	 120lbs	 34A. While the small fit fine elsewhere	 my breast are simply TOO SMALL to keep the chest portion up. I have to strategically keep the material over them	 but even if I were to move a certain way	 titties come out	 or it slips off my shoulders. REALLY wish this came in an XS because I think it would've fit better that way!This is a BEAUTIFUL piece by the way. I got the A-wine Red which goes perfectly with a satin wine red robe I have from Victoria Secrets. The pictures I took of them together looks like art.	review_date"
"I love it 	 very beautiful and good quality	review_date"
"Very sexy	 my boyfriend loves when I wear it. It even fits me being pregnant right now and he still loves it. Be careful washing it	 don't put it in the dryer. Very delicate	 but super sexy!	review_date"
"The product it鈥檚 selfnis beautiful and the material is great but I am a bigger girl and I look ridiculous in it I will not be wearing this one	review_date"
"Love this brand so much. It's well made and the stitching is beautifully done. I wasn't sure if this would run small but it fits perfectly! I am 36DD and 170 pounds.  This purple lingerie set is so gorgeous and sexy.	review_date"
"I bought it for my wonderful bae	 she was very happy and u get the exact size	 what u ordering- so as she told me she like the quality and it鈥檚 areally sexy stuff	review_date"
"I鈥檝e purchased a couple pieces of lingerie off amazon for my sweet lil wife. This is probably one of the nicer ones. It鈥檚 a three piece set and in my opinion well worth the bucks. Most one piece set are the same price or higher. The purple color was a nice color it鈥檚 more like plum. The lace is think and stitches are pretty good. We washed it with normal clothes and it didn鈥檛 fall apart or stretch so that鈥檚 a plus. I鈥檇 buy again.	review_date"
"I have been looking for something white and this set is appealing. My husband really loves it and said he never thought white lingerie would look good and sexy on me.It's soft and comfortable. I love the design.	review_date"
"I like how soft it feels on your body	 the lace is not harsh like pressed one. When i saw the price i thought why not as is a valuable purchase and didn't pay attention at the sizing that much. It was my fault for not checking it and I literally forgot that different brands have different sizing. So mine S is a bit big	 wearing S in panties from VS.I would recommend checking the size so you don't get in the same situation	 other than that 	 nice deal .. as we all know we don't wear this type of lingerie daily	review_date"
"Item fits perfectly. This is now one of my wife鈥檚 favorite pieces of lingerie. We were both surprised that it actually shipped with the leggings as well - which is rare. Seems to be well made and at a great price. Hoping we can use this piece for a long time!	review_date"
"I ordered this set for Vday and I was anxious to get it.  It arrived today	 and I am VERY pleased. It is good quality lace	 doesn鈥檛 feel cheap at all	 and is true to the image. Looks identical to what鈥檚 pictured and I鈥檓 looking forward to wearing it for the holiday. I was a bit confused by the garter latches	 but after a few tries	 i got them to work. I like the product and wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to order again.	review_date"
"Great material	 super sexy	 love it! Dislike the clamps at the bottom to clip on to the thigh high socks	 they are silicone feeling and doesn鈥檛 clip well to the material.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured \u0026 described! I actually expected this to come in with size	 with a super loose thong part and kinda crappy quality (but didn鈥檛 care bc it was cheap and only intended for 1 purpose)	 however it is great quality and really pretty and flattering.  Nicely hides baby belly and stretch marks \u0026 hubby loved it! My only critique is that the garment tags are poorly placed so I removed them before putting on.  The bra part is a bit smaller fitting than pictured (didn鈥檛 fully cover my whole boob) but it covered just fine still (I鈥檓 DD).  Definitely plan to order more of these in future!  Happy hubby \u0026 happy customer!! :-)	review_date"
"I love this! Oh my gosh. I was honestly exspecting the worst. But i was proven so terribly wrong. Im a 36C i ordered an XL because i have more cushion for the pushin 馃挋 it fits wonderfully! The color is beautiful. It fits very well in the chest area. I would 10/10 buy again.	review_date"
"I love the way this babydoll is so soft and flowy. I'm 5'4	 about 110 lbs	 32B and the small fits perfectly. The top part is not too see through which I really like (I'm wearing pads/underwear for the pictures). I like how this has enough support to not make me feel flat chested without the use of padding or underwire. Bottoms are just a basic g string.	review_date"
"Was excited to get this because of how fancy it looks and was not disappointed. This is a great lingerie piece compared to the others in my collection and I am glad that I got it. It is both lightweight and strong	 it doesn't seem as if the fabric is low quality material. The fabric was really soft and comfortable which is what I really liked about this piece. It was not itchy in any way and was quite soft and felt good against my skin	 which is something that is very important when it comes to lingerie because if it is not comfortable then you don't feel like wearing it for a long time. This piece was comfortable enough to wear for a long time and my boyfriend loved how I looked in it as well. Another great addition of this lingerie piece is it came with a nice matching thong style underwear piece as well.This piece of lingerie looks really classy and I really liked the pearls that were attached around the neck	 it made it look so pretty almost like a dress. This was a really cute addition and one of the good reasons to get it. The transparency of the dress was a good level too	 just enough to get the imagination going	 but enough to leave them wanting as well. The shoulder straps fit well for the size that I got and it didn't seem like the lingerie piece was loose or that it would fall off. The bust area fit well for the size I got and I didn't have any problems with the fit. I liked the airy feel of this lingerie piece	 the v-cut back was also very cute! Overall I can recommend this piece if you are considering getting it. Thanks for reading and have fun gals!	review_date"
"This is the first red lingerie I kept.  All I seem to find is very ridiculously sheer babydolls that slide off your shoulders.  I get crazy over sliding shoulder straps.  I do not wish to be hanging out all over the place.  This piece fit perfect.  While I think it is considered sheer	 it is not sheer enough to be easily seen through.  The straps do not fall down.	review_date"
"The outfit was beautiful	  but too small (I am a 34D and wear size 8). I got an XL and the elastic around the middle was so tight	 I had rolls!	review_date"
"I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the fabric and the make on this inexpensive garment	 and I will probably purchase more in different styles/colors.  I am short (5鈥?鈥? and around 160lbs	 much of it up top	 and this fit 鈥渢he girls鈥?comfortably	 skimmed flatteringly over the middle section I can be uncomfortable about	 and it helped me feel sexy \u0026 attractive. Partner was pleased too.	review_date"
"Love color \u0026 feel sexy...even in a plus size! Cheaper than Zulily AND high quality.	review_date"
"Awesome! This along with a babydoll from Nordstrom's are my favorite pieces of lingerie. Highly recommend. It has held up through a lot of washes (air dry). Still have it in pristine condition over a year later.	review_date"
"I liked it but had to return it since the small didn't fit me. I didn't want to repurchase to find the same issue in the next size up. I'm 5'7\ and 112 pounds with 32DDD bra size. The cups of the shirt were what was too small	 but I think a bigger size would have been too loose everywhere else	 unfortunately! Otherwise	 I really liked the look and color of it.""	review_date"
"my man loves how it looks on me and very comfortable to sleep in.	review_date"
"I am 5'11\	 140 lbs	 37-27-38 with a 36DD and purchased a Large.""	review_date"
"Love this!!! So sexy ...I鈥檓 a 10\\12Very flattering for the mom bod	review_date"
"This is my new favorite lingerie! I bought this very sexy and playful outfit to help boost my confidence	 it worked! My chest was supported well and accentuated with lace	 my bosom looked fantastic! It was a GREAT night. Love it!	review_date"
"Absolutely no support for the girls. 34ddd 180lbs 5\5 bought xxl. As stated the top has NO support. The baby doll part is too long and the thong is so large it basically falls off. Looks super cute on the smaller ladies that have posted pictures on review though!""	review_date"
"Fits nicely	 feels great against my skin. Only problems are the elastic at the top is insanely scratchy and the giant white tag on the inside won't come off without ripping the stitching out.	review_date"
"Fits exactly right. Very well designed and made- it reveals just the right amount. I love it	 wear it often and it holds up great in the gentle cycle of my washing machine. Very happy- I plan to buy it again in the different colors.	review_date"
"Love the material. So soft. Fits ok but I wish the cup size was bigger. I wear 34DD. Ordered a large.	review_date"
"Too small...I just crunched everything in there....got the job done 馃槈	review_date"
"This was made of a slightly itchy mesh (which I read on the description but couldn't picture)	 so I sent it back. Also	 it didn't look as flattering on my short body as it looks on the model.	review_date"
"SO CUTE. I'm 4'11	 95lbs	 and have a super small chest. This makes me feel super sexy and lovely. Great cut and decent quality.	review_date"
"78% said it fit as expected	 well I'm normally L-XL and this did NOT fit. The fabric is nice and it's well made but just get 2 sizes larger. Really disappointed.	review_date"
"Fit great. Surprisingly supportive.	review_date"
"This fit a bit smaller in the waist area than expected. The stretchy bit didn't have enough give to make it more comfortable. Otherwise it looks nice on.	review_date"
"Super sexy	 comfortable. True to size.	review_date"
"I'm 6ft with a DD cup and got an XL. It hangs from my body just like it does on the model and feels super nice. My only complaint is that is does take a little tucking and shifting to fit a chest of my size into the chest.	review_date"
"a bit small around the boob area. im a size large shirt n 36 C. theres not enough coverage or support around the outer boob/armpit area and my boobs kindof migrate to the outside....	review_date"
"So comfortable! I love it. The only thing is a wish it maybe was a little thicker	 but it will still serve it's purpose well.	review_date"
"Really great. Comfortable. Nice looking. Lovely colour.	review_date"
"Both me and my boyfriend loved how soft the material was and it falls nicely over your body. But the \cups\"" didn't have any support. They were merely lace triangles	 I was expecting to at least have a foam pad in them. Other than that	 I really liked it.""	review_date"
"It's cute	 but when it FINALLY arrived it fit a little too small. I went by the size guide so I'd suggest going a size up. Also	 there is no support so if your boobs aren't perky or are very small  I'd suggest you not buy this.	review_date"
"It's cute! Perfect for Valentine's day!	review_date"
"Nice sleepwear to wear when having a sleepover :)	review_date"
"Very cheap quality material and looks cheap. Don't buy at all.	review_date"
"Product just as described.	review_date"
"Love it. So does my hubby. Fits perfect	review_date"
"Looks great	 fits as expected	review_date"
"To me its all about price. This is not everyday sleepwear and you since its only used on special nights	 there is no need to break the bank at other very popular stores. That being said	 its fun and sexy.	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Looks great would have like it a little lower	review_date"
"I love this lace .this is My second order My husband loved more	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"My wife loves it	 she thinks it makes her pretty.She also said it was very soft and well assembled.	review_date"
"OMG I love this teddy! I expected to be disappointed because	 you never know with online sales but I was so pleasantly surprised at the perfect fit and softness of the material. For the price I am more than pleased and will purchase again from AvidLove	review_date"
"Great piece for the price! Material is great and it fit as expected.  I am a 38D and ordered the XXL.	review_date"
"Very cute. Nice material. Comfy and easy to adjust straps	review_date"
"A very nice fit and sexy look!	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Not enough bra support	review_date"
"I did order a size up and it is comfortable (not itchy).	review_date"
"Nice it fits as expected.	review_date"
"Loved it! Very beautiful	review_date"
"Very sexy and stretchy	review_date"
"Extremely elegant and sexy at the same time馃槈 very comfortable as well! Husband also loved!	review_date"
"The bra fit somewhat too small	review_date"
"Fits well but no extra  support for the girls	review_date"
"Beautiful and a perfect fit	 pleasantly surprised.	review_date"
"Good quality	 great for price! Breast coverage is a bit too close together though.	review_date"
"So cute and sexy! Fits me perfectly! My valentine will appreciate this gift for sure!!!	review_date"
"Good fit	 feels ok	review_date"
"Bust fits too small	 cute cut though.	review_date"
"Cute.. but if you have big boobs that need support this will not work for you.	review_date"
"Looks beautiful on and the fabric feels so soft	review_date"
"Perfect un mundo wife	review_date"
"Beautiful! Wore it for my boyfriend and he said wow like three times. Material feels good on your skin.	review_date"
"No support in bra area but very cute	review_date"
"This is seriously the comfiest piece of lingerie. It's really soft.	review_date"
"beautiful	 love it!!	review_date"
"Very pretty on but no cup support	review_date"
"Fit nice	review_date"
"This was a very nice article for the cost - it looks more expensive than it was.  I feel that it fit true to size.  I was over all very satisfied with it!	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks absolutely fantastic in this	review_date"
"Very sexy.  If you are normally a large or get Xl. Runs small.	review_date"
"I was surprised with the quality! It was good! But the bottoms were not included! :(	review_date"
"Looks lovely	 really pleased	review_date"
"Soft and comfortable fabric! It was a perfect fit. I鈥檓 looking forward to purchasing more	 because they鈥檙e so affordable!	review_date"
"Very good	review_date"
"great	review_date"
"Cleavage area isn't big enough for a larger chested woman.	review_date"
"Its soft feels more expensive than you would expect	 fits well it doesnt seem as long as i thought	review_date"
"It fit perfect everywhere except the breasts	 that area was smaller than expected but my boyfriend really liked it.	review_date"
"Love this it鈥檚 super soft and looks sexy	review_date"
"He loved it!  :-)	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Did not like	review_date"
"Very satisfied with this purchase	review_date"
"Super soft. Got a medium 5'6. 150 pounds. 34B	review_date"
"Fits well	 true to size	review_date"
"Looks and fits great.	review_date"
"Love it I feel sexy	review_date"
"I love the product	review_date"
"It does not have a padded liner but it's very soft and comfortable.	review_date"
"Need to take 2 sizes up to fit well..	review_date"
"I love the color and the fabric is soft! It fits great!	review_date"
"Looks exactly like the picture. Fits perfect.	review_date"
"It's beautiful and soft. Extremely comfortable.	review_date"
"The wife likes it. It did the job.	review_date"
"I love it!!!!!Size M fit perfect for small breasts.	review_date"
"Nice!	review_date"
"Hot	review_date"
"quality is poor	review_date"
"Absolutely love this. I'm 5'2 114 pounds super tiny I know.. bought this in a small and it fits like a glove!	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"My boobs fall out	review_date"
"Was the perfect fit	 loved it!	review_date"
"Fit as expected	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Ordering $15 lingerie online	 you never know what you鈥檙e going to get but I was pleasantly surprised. It鈥檚 impossible to guess which size based on the provided measurements. I wear a size 6 for the most part	 34C and the small fits me perfect. It is on the snug side	 but it鈥檚 stretchy so it feels fine. Other reviews mentioned not enough boob coverage	 but isn鈥檛 that the point? The triangles are small	 but with a smaller chest it鈥檚 totally fine. The cups are not lined	 no wires	 no push up	 but the straps are adjustable to give you some lift. I haven鈥檛 washed it yet but the material does not seem cheap to me considering the price. Being a 鈥榙elicate鈥?it should probably be hand washed to be safe. I will say the thong that comes with it does look cheap	 but I ordered black so matching with another one isn鈥檛 an issue. Overall very pleased with the purchase.	review_date"
"There is a second portion of cup to be filled so it looks like the cup is too small or there is a seam that goes through the bottom of your boob	review_date"
"I love it. It fits perfectly and feels really good.	review_date"
"Purchased it for a very important night with hubby and didn鈥檛 wear it.  Good thing I thought to being something else	review_date"
"I have very large breasts so normally in clothing sizes I have to wear a large or maybe an extra large depending on the style so looking at the size chart and knowing that this was supposed to be skimpy and a little small I ordered a 2XL and when I got it you would have thought I only got a medium. The band was too tight on my ribs and left marks and the cups only covered the middle 2-3 inches of my breasts. Extremely disappointed	review_date"
"This is sooo HOT!	review_date"
"I wish I could give this more than 5 stars! I am a 14/16 and ordered a large and it fits like a sexy little glove! I could not be happier with this brand! I can't wait to order more! this set makes me feel so good about how I look and as a \plus size\"" woman	 it's so nice to have such a quality set available that is affordable!""	review_date"
"Mmmh..... girl!This may look like a limp piece of material when taken out of the package	 but on your body鈥擣ire! I find this piece to be super sexy	 like 鈥淕et that booty over here right now鈥? type of sexy	 but it has a soft feel and is very comfortable too.I am a size 10-12 and fit an XL very comfortably. One of the things I love about this lingerie style is that it is forgiving around my mommy tummy	 and  accentuates all the best parts of the package.Shimmy into this thing and go get you some!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a dancer and like short dresses. I need them to be very short but just cover my butt. This is more like a shirt. It goes about half way over my butt	 if that. I ordered a large hoping it would be long enough. I鈥檓 fit and 5鈥?鈥?8鈥? Decent size butt and boobs	 so that takes length away	 and small in the waist. It鈥檚 beru wide in the breasts too. It almost won鈥檛 cover my nips. This could work out well for someone short tho. Comes with the choker necklace 	 though it is big. Meant for someone with a huge neck lol	review_date"
"This is very cute. I thought that I had ordered the correct size but the bust is a little tight. It still fits and is cute but if I had to order it again I would order a size up. I ordered the XXL and I wear a 38DDD.	review_date"
"The softer color added class to an already very sexy piece. There is a good deal of elastic and support in the top. I have a small bust but feel most confident wearing something that supports and highlights my chest.	review_date"
"This has a great peek-a-boo factor for those who like to be a little \cheeky.\"" I have a bit more junk in my trunk and not much bust to speak of	 so it was more exposed in the back than covered like a dress. I found the fit to have great stretch	 so it's very forgiving no matter your figure or shape.""	review_date"
"Great quality but it was too small. I have a lot of Avidlove Lingerie and I always buy them in large but for some reason this one was too small for me. Im about 160lbs and I鈥檓 5鈥?. If you are looking to buy this one go a size bigger than normal.	review_date"
"This is my favorite style of lingerie. It's like a short dress with the g-string that matches it. I love that it ties as it enabled me to hold my boobs up better. Its a nice dark blue color and washes and dries with no issues. It is really soft against your skin and comfortable to wear. It also made me feel really sexy. It  really looks good on my body.	review_date"
"Something realistic about this is it is not supportive at all. I actually used the choker and fastened it to give myself more of a lift. Overall this outfit is amazing! It's subtle attractive in my opinion and it fits true to size. The bottoms are my favorite because you can slide the string and not have to worry about it riding up.	review_date"
"Good for bigger busts..Ordered small.. im 32a but its not on my best fit.. I altered it and works fine.. but other than that its a very sexy lingerie..	review_date"
"This fit very well and was probably my boyfriend's favorite Xmas present-- ever! Seriously though	 he loved it. The only reason I didn't give iot five stars is that the strings on the thong get tangled really easily and are difficult to untangle. Otherwise	 highly recommend for a fun night!	review_date"
"Love this! It ran a bit small. I ordered the Large but it still worked for me. The result of wearing it was the best I've ever had! He loved it and wanted me to put it on several times before the Holidays ended. Said it will be burned in his memory as the best Christmas present he ever had!So	 yes	 I would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"I ordered this in a large	 assuming it ran very small. I would normally be a medium in normalClothes. The large was too big in the boobs	 waist	 everywhere. So	 go with your real size for this one. Considering re ordering in a medium. I gave the large away to a co worker last night. It looked amazing on her. She was just slightly bigger than me i guess. She def doesn鈥檛 look like a large tho. So it鈥檚 tough to say which way to go on sizing.	review_date"
"After reading reviews I was a little worried I wouldn't get the right size	 but it fit perfectly. He absolutely loved it! I am 5 ft and 145 lbs. I got a medium. It's super stretchy so very comfy and loose. The white feathers are soft and doesnt look cheaply made.	review_date"
"Order one size bigger. I鈥檓 a size 14	 typically wear large. The XL fits perfectly. Looks amazing and is super comfy	review_date"
"This is the perfect holiday lingerie for that special night with your special someone. It does not have any chest support which is my only compliant. The colors and design are amazing. I feel just like Mrs. Claus. Now to find Papa a Mr. Claus outfit and it will be complete :)	review_date"
"I adore this outfit. The fit is perfect and the color is exactly as shown. I was a little nervous about ordering a halter because they are usually too big on me as I'm very small cup wise. However the size small was perfect since I could tie it a bit tighter to pull it up. I love that this outfit is so flattering and I can still feel sexy even during my bloated days!	review_date"
"Bought this for Christmas and was unfortunately very disappointed:-The item was obviously used which is disgusting considering it鈥檚 lingerie.-The white parts of the lingerie were stained pink in some places.-After washing the red color bleeds.-The material is cheap and itchy-The thong is saggy	 uncomfortable	 and unflattering"
"It's really cute and decent quality. I got a small. I normally wear small to medium	 and this fits a little loosely	 but not to the point where it's obviously too big. Comfortable to wear. I like that it's see-through and the shape is good for emphasizing an hourglass shape.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 small and petite framed but it looks hot. The white is classy and form fitting. I鈥檓 very picky with lace lingerie and this is so soft and comfy.	review_date"
"I have a long body	 so it鈥檚 shorter than I wanted	 but that is certainly nothing to do with the quality of the product.  Ordered a M.  I am 5鈥?鈥? 138lbs	review_date"
"I got this one size up in XL and am glad bc it ran a little small. It was super comfy	 sexy and the lace was nice and soft. I was able to sleep in it	 even though normally I wouldn鈥檛 be able to keep a cute frilly thing like this on all night. It was comfortable enough to sleep in!	review_date"
"This lengerie sexy have open in front and show the sexy cleavage.  It's comfortable to wear at night.can wear this on day time with pants Or shorts.im 5'0 ft and 115 pounds I got small size . The size fit right to me .I'm happy got this lengerie .I highly recommend this to everyone fashionable lengerie	review_date"
"I just needed a few 鈥渞acy鈥?items for a photoshoot. This was affordable and adorable. Not too...raunchy	 but not too modest either. The red color is a nice change from a lot of the black lingerie that鈥檚 out there. It鈥檚 nice!	review_date"
"This was a huge hit. I wore it with black thigh highs that had red bows and heels. I read the reviews and did not experience the same issue with the white part shedding. Having said that this was fairly inexpensive and not the best quality but incredibly sexy. My partner really	 really loved it. I felt like I had a super power! One wear and it was well worth the money. I am petite and small chested and ordered the small.	review_date"
"This sexy little number is so soft it's crazy! The material of this one feels so luxurious and high end I would have never expected it out of such an affordable set. I really love the grey color as well. Its different but I really love it. This is one of my favorite pieces I have purchased!	review_date"
"I love the way this fits! it looks and feels sexy! I got a large and wear a 14/16 and am a 38DD and it fits great	 a medium may have fit ok too but I don't like things super tight. The top is also a good length and I love the little bows.	review_date"
"Got dumped before I got to wear it. I guess there's always next year.. but how awkward. Let me just whip out this Mrs. Claus lingerie I bought specifically for someone else but never got to use... The boob part is see through. Not that it's a bad thing but I wasn't expecting it to be based on the picture. There's no push up part in it either so your boobs probably won't look like the girl's in the picture.	review_date"
"More of a present for me than her 馃檪 but she also likes it and says she feels sexy wearing it...	review_date"
"Looks cute! Not superb quality but good. Novelty doesn鈥檛 really need super high quality .	review_date"
"Look closely	 and you'll notice that this little number comes with a choker style \necklace\"". The whole piece conforms to your body to expose your figure and shape in the best way possible. I chose purple	 and it is a rich dark shade.""	review_date"
"this is adorable even on a huge bellythe only reason i gave it 4 rather than 5 stars is because quality is thin and cheaphowever	 this is very flattering and worth the low price charged	review_date"
"It looks pretty similar to the picture but the sizing is a little strange the thong was a little to tight and the stomach area was a little too big for me. My body type is hourglass and it unfortunately wasn鈥檛 designed for my body type. Also with all that being said I believe if you are larger up top than on bottom this will work well for you but you should also size up one American size because I am normally a small but the medium seemed to be the best bet.	review_date"
"I love these so much!!!I got all the colors \u003c3They fit so perfect and as looks as seen on the pictures!	review_date"
"white trim on neck area come off very easily. Very poor quality. If you order this don't complain later as you have been warned.	review_date"
"I wasn't expecting much from cheap lingerie but it was disappointing right out of the package. The white trim was pink. Clearly the red dye from the dress bled onto the trim. I expected this after washing but not new.	review_date"
"The product looks great and purchased a medium for a 5'4'' 150lb woman. The product was too small for her and needed to be returned but the product itself looks very nice	 however	 a little pricey in my opinion.	review_date"
"The color is vibrant and looks great against my skin tone. The black lace accent is beautiful and well made. The entire garment is soft and luxurious feeling. Just beautiful all around.	review_date"
"Came with a rip and no panties. Very disappointed	review_date"
"Feels nice	 fit nice. Flows perfectly.	review_date"
"Wore this for my husband last night.  He really loved the way it looked and fit.  Very sexy and the chart was spot on for the sizing.  So happy I ordered this.  Perfect for date nights!	review_date"
"One of the adjustment straps were not on correctly but i was still able to make it work. I was going to fix it myself but that ment i would have to cut it an re-sew it. The white feathers on the neck line were flying off when i was trying it on. I do not recommend too much friction on that part or the feathers will be everywhere.	review_date"
"Not at all happy with this purchase. I have lots of lingerie but this is easily the worst fitting item I鈥檝e ever bought.	review_date"
"You get what you pay for.  My husband enjoyed his xmas gift and I enjoy the price.  Now it didn't last the night.  Beside our activities but the qaulity.  It's not VS. So heyea buyers beware if u want more then 1-2 usages.	review_date"
"I love the way this looks on I just wish the chest was a tad wider. I felt that it looked good just a tad awkward with over half of each boob sticking  out. It seems like the waist was longer and the chest piece shorter on what I received and what's on the model. I still like it though and love all of the other avidlove products I've gotten have been perfection!	review_date"
"About 2 sizes smaller than what the tag says. Underwear were maybe 2 sizes smaller than the slip and poorly made. Threads sticking out all over. It's short like a shirt... not a mini dress as pictured.. Not happy with purchase.	review_date"
"聽Perfect for a Christmas shoot! Even made the cover to Pinup Worship Magazine wearing it!	review_date"
"great product for the price!  is definitely see through	 but worth it for 1-2 uses. bottoms are definitely minimal	 but the top is nice.	review_date"
"My girl loved it	review_date"
"so cute and fun. love the cheesy sexy santa	review_date"
"Fits great I love the color and so does my boyfriend	review_date"
"Cute	 comfortable	 fits	 completely see through. Don鈥檛 wash the underwear (or the outfit - though that鈥檚 probably obvious!) in the machine. It stained the white parts of the underwear pink	 but nothing else in the load	 thankfully.	review_date"
"Tiny!!!!!! Not flattering.	review_date"
"I love this lingerie. I feel very sexy and confident in myself as I prance around the room. I recommend getting red to put on a nice show for your partner.	review_date"
"Love it!!! Sexy	 comfortable	 and my bf loves it too!!! The fabric is really really thin though so be careful	 I could see it ripping if it didn't fit right or too small	review_date"
"Can't speak to how the item holds up over time	 but I got this for a friends bachelorette party	 and I was really impressed. It is much nicer quality than I was expecting for the price. It's really beautiful	 and she loved it.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Bought this to wear on Christmas eve for our first Christmas together after we got married. I came out and asked him if he \liked my Christmas pajamas\""	 and he LOVED it. Smiled ear to ear all night "
"Very cute and flattering!  The BF loved it and said it doesn't need to be used just at the holidays. The only drawback is the one panties are a tad big	 but as long as the top fit	 that was what I was concerned with.  Love cross back tops/lingerie	 wish more were done this way.  Happy I decided to get it.	review_date"
"Perfect in every way but was a little short.  The first time I wore it under a top and jeans as a cami	 then after the clothes came off it was my sexy dress.  I'm 5'5\ and it did not cover my rear.""	review_date"
"I ordered this to wear for the holidays and i was fearful it would run small but it surprisingly fit well! The white fluff is a bit fragile so i would handle that with care and maybe don't put it in the washer	review_date"
"I am happy with my purchase	 item fit as expected. The material is stretchy and soft. For reference I鈥檓 5鈥? 135 lbs B cup  and ordered a medium	review_date"
"This is very flattering. Absolutely love it!	review_date"
"Okay so this is very very short. And the straps have to be let out a lot so that it fits properly and looks decent. And it's very very very see through... not like the picture at all. Made out of itchy mesh. I can see my areolas a bit too well. Plus the product is borderline orange. Once you fiddle with it enough it does look pretty cute minus the areolas and the itchy mesh.	review_date"
"Super soft	 and cute! Very stretchy	 fits like a glove.	review_date"
"This is really nice! Great quality! It is breathable which is great because you don't want to be uncomfortable or restricted trying to feel sensual. The price I believe is reasonable as well. I would rather pay this that Victoria secret prices! Lol. All in all I think you should give it a try.	review_date"
"Great quality and look gorgeous!!	review_date"
"I love this brand Avidlove!!  Super sexy stuff and affordable!!  Fits as expected	 there's not much there lol so it's exactly what I was looking for!!	review_date"
"So cute and flirty! Fits ss is. I'm in love with this. I can't wait to be naughty in bed!	review_date"
"I love it. It's sexy. My man loved it. The only con	  the thong was way too big. I purchased a small and the thong was at least 3 sizes too big. I just threw them away. No big deal.	review_date"
"quite sexy and she luvd it	review_date"
"Wife is 5'2\	 fit perfect!  Very cute.  Bought medium.  Also paired with red holiday stockings.  She is conservative but liked how it covered her but was sexy too.""	review_date"
"she looks great in it	review_date"
"I absolutely love buying from this company	 everything I buy matches the pictures and fits just right! Not only is the outfit sexy and perfect for this time of the year	 its soft and just the right amount of see through.	review_date"
"Great piece! Came as described and with no holes or tears. Awesome deal !	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved how this looked on me!	review_date"
"Hubby loved it	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"It is a cute piece.It is a one size fits most	 so this won't really fit anyone over a size 10 nd definitely not if you are anything larger than a C cup.	review_date"
"Beautiful and soft! The lace and ribbon are awesome! I'm a huge VS fan. This lace babydoll's quality is awesome!	review_date"
Sexy for night time fun 
"Fits as expected quality is as expected for bargain price.  Fun outfit for the missus.	review_date"
"What i expected. Fits short if u have a booty. Overall good. I got a large. 150 5'6	review_date"
"Looked better than expected and my boyfriend loved it too	review_date"
"This is SO cute for Christmas.  Just long enough.  And it's not a separate belt attachment but rather just a black strip which I appreciated.	review_date"
"Oh so soft	 and so sexy. I could lounge around wearing just this all day. The fabric feels incredible against my skin.  The racerback design is also smart and comfortable.Love everything about this.	review_date"
"This was her favorite one so far. It was very soft and form fitting. It fit without gapping up top where some tops can of you aren't big enough. It was perfect.	review_date"
"I love the stretchy fabric.  The size chart recommended a larger size	 but I'm glad I went with a smaller one.  My only complaint is it's not very supportive in the bust.  It doesn't seem cheaply made	 so I should get some use out of it.	review_date"
"Very cute \u0026 sexy however all white straps were stained with red splotches	review_date"
"I got a small	 I am a 32DD 130Lbs it fits quite well it does shed some but that is to be expected with the price. Is not designed to be worn more than once or twice (does not appear to be washer friendly)  It does not wow me but it is a cute outfit	review_date"
"Grabbed  for the wife. Sexy as hell. Love the vibrant hot pink. Buy now.... LolVery stretchy material. Fits snug but you will still free flexible and free.	review_date"
"Love it. Wish it had more support for my breasts. But I love how sexy it makes me feel. My husband loved it!	review_date"
"So soft and sexy! My husband loves it!	review_date"
"The color is gorgeous	 the material is super soft and the straps are adjustable! Super amazing and sexy	review_date"
"very cute but made of cheap material	 the white fur came apart from the red material	review_date"
"So soft on my skin and super pretty! My husband loved it.	review_date"
"very nice.	review_date"
"Looks great.	review_date"
"Bought it for my wife as party wear for the club or pool party very sexy she loves to teaseand this is perfect	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"I rated this a three because the fur part around the neck started to rip when I tried it on. I decided to keep it because my sister needs a last-minute outfit and it's nothing a little crazy glue can't help and it is cute.	review_date"
"Absolutely gorgeous!!! Fit like a glove	 my man was very pleased. I bought it for a romantic weekend getaway and it was exactly what I was looking for. Lots of detail in the design. Would buy again and recommend to anyone.	review_date"
"Great quality and material is very soft. Just received it today and I'm already planning on ordering a second one in another color.	review_date"
"This is exactly what I was looking for and it fits perfectly and feels so good on my body and looks so sexy.	review_date"
"Fits well and is extremely comfortable. The only thing I don't like is the straps are too big and thus giving no support for the bigger breasted females	 like myself. I wish there was a way to tighten the straps. But overall super cute	review_date"
"Beautiful design. Loved the lace. I loved all about this product expect the fact that it wasn鈥檛 stretchy enought. It fit me beautiful but would have like for it to be a little bigger as I have a big booty and big thighs. That鈥檚 why I鈥檝e only rated it a 4 star.	review_date"
"Nice piece! My wife loves it. Delivers the needed mood always	 really happy I bought this. Looking forward to buy more like this. Got a size less than the actual size of my wife and it made it more showy and interesting.	review_date"
"No 'lift' whatsoever. Still sexy	 but you need perfect	 perky boobs to look anything like the picture.	review_date"
"If you're on the fence buy it. It's sexy	 comfortable	 and fits well. No regrets!	review_date"
"Is quite flimsy	 and not as soft as you want.  The way it fits is not terribly flattering either.	review_date"
"WOW! Fits perfect and is soft and not scratchy. It makes tour body look amazing...Merry Christmas!	review_date"
"Make sure to wash in a delicate bag.	review_date"
"too long for my body.  I'm 4'11\ and it's way to long for me""	review_date"
"Fit my 5'4 120lb beauty perfectly. Would buy again.	review_date"
"Great	 especially for the price. I bought it for a lingerie shower and the bride to be loved it.	review_date"
"Sexy as heck !! Rises up a bit when you walk but that鈥檚 sorta the point hey 馃	review_date"
"Great product. I gave it as a gift for my fianc茅e	 and it looked pretty great.	review_date"
"Really comfortable fabric and it fit true to size	 on me. Not too big and not too small. Perfect fit.  My husband loved it on me!	review_date"
"Small in size	review_date"
"It was everything I expectedand exactly what I wanted. It fit well. However	 if you are looking for high quality material this is not for you. The \fur\"" lining is very thing and flimsy.""	review_date"
"Kinda spectacular! i'm not super confident with my body right now (post three kids) but this little number makes me feel super sexy and hides all my body issues! great buy!	review_date"
"Adorable and good quality.  My husband loved it as a Christmas gift!	review_date"
"Super flattering and comfortable. The top is completely seethrough which I couldn鈥檛 tell in the picture but still amazing.	review_date"
"it was comfy	review_date"
"My fiance was shocked but he loved. The straps are adjustable which i loved.	review_date"
"Bought for my girlfriend and she loved it! We went off of the other reviews for sizing! Ordered a size up!	review_date"
"A VERY fun holiday celebration.  The feathery fuzz is fun!	review_date"
"Hot lingerie and it looks great on	review_date"
"Loved it. Fit great and looked great	review_date"
"Very very sexy !!	review_date"
"Love everything about this. Perfect fit! Very sext and comfortable!	review_date"
"Super Cute and a great piece to the collection!	review_date"
"on time and as described	review_date"
"the second string in the under the bust is a bit on the tight side but i still able to wear very pretty and comfortable otherwise	review_date"
"Beautiful and I loved it but I have 38-40C bust and they hang over the black belt part so you can't see the black belt. I returned it.	review_date"
"fits good  and looks awesome	review_date"
"fits great and good quality. very sexy!	review_date"
"Very sexy a thumbs up from hubby	review_date"
"Wife likes it.	review_date"
"Looks great	 hubby loved it	review_date"
"Very sexy and well made.	review_date"
"Love the color!	review_date"
"Fits amazing and makes your booty look out of this world	review_date"
"Most durable lingerie I've ever ordered for my wife. Great buy	review_date"
"Cute and inexpensive! However	 runs a bit small and the white fuzzy lining tore immediately after trying it on.	review_date"
"I enjoyed it when she wore it.  And taking it off lol.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured	 fit perfectly	 boyfriend loved it.	review_date"
"Looks and fits great.. love the product and would order it again.	review_date"
"sexy	review_date"
"Ran small	 boobs were too big for it	review_date"
"Was looking for some reasonable priced lingerie.  This was perfect!	review_date"
"Very nice.	review_date"
"Got the Christmas presents I deserved	review_date"
"Beautiful	 great quality. I would highly recommend this lingerie.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Was a nice gift	review_date"
"Very comfy and sexy	review_date"
"The material was pretty good	 and everything fit well on my wife! It's great Christmas lingerie! The only thing was that the feathers on the chest weren't centered.	review_date"
"Fits me perfectly! What i like about this is that it comes with a choker.	review_date"
"Material is soft and feels great. Good quality. Very comfortable.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Just got a size up	review_date"
"Great fit.  Loved it.	review_date"
"Husband loves it	review_date"
"I would purchase from them again. Outfit was super cute and fit great!	review_date"
"Runs extremely small.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Good deal Thank you .	review_date"
"True to size	review_date"
"I have really big breast 42DD and I love the way it fill in the top. Keeps my breast looking firm and nice get it I love it	review_date"
"I absolutely love this only issue is I wear a 44DD \u0026 I鈥檓 sure the top isn鈥檛 going to hold my bad boys in but it鈥檚 okay	review_date"
"Wonderful!! I love it!	review_date"
"Very revealing--short and sexy! My husband loves it.	review_date"
"Loved this product. A bottle of tequila and this bad boy later and let鈥檚 just say my boyfriend killed a lot of swimmers that day.	review_date"
"Very cute - but sizing ran a little small. The white fringe does not do well in the wash unfortunately. But that is easily corrected with a quick brush.	review_date"
"This was a fun christmas gift for the hubby but left red stains all over our white sheets from where the dye had rubbed off. The \fur\"" lining fell off mid way thru our night but for the price it was still fun and worth the money""	review_date"
"Fast shipping. Runs a little small	review_date"
"Looks great	 and didn't stay on for long 馃槈	review_date"
"This has a nice fit but the material is not of the best quality. As i was putting on the underwear	 it ripped.	review_date"
"Feathers poked and the material was itchy	review_date"
"I love it! It looks better in person than on the picture. I would recommend this.	review_date"
"Love seeing my wife in it	review_date"
"Excellent fit and feels like quality material.	review_date"
"Fits great.	review_date"
"Bought as a gift for my wife and it is too small.	review_date"
"Fits perfect and is so cute.	review_date"
"Looks good and fits perfect.  My lady loves it!	review_date"
"The fabric was not as smooth as I thought.....	review_date"
"Loved the color	review_date"
"husband loved it	review_date"
"This mesh baby doll is super sexy and quite comfortable. The material is soft and not itchy at all. Loved the feel and fit.	review_date"
"Just buy it.	review_date"
"Cute for one time wear 	 material seems  little cheap though	review_date"
"Fit well	 material is nice	 color is as expected. Has adjustable straps which is great for getting the perfect fit.	review_date"
"It's cute and serves its purpose lol I ordered this for Christmas. When I got it in I thought it was nice in person cause I have seen outfits that look different from picture. This one looks the same. It's not meant to be supportive on top	 purely for looks. If your larger chested like I am it will be shorter on you cause your chest will take up more room. Not too many feathers came out which was surprising cause most with feathers shed alot but this one didn't really. Pretty close to size and the thong moves to make it somewhat adjustable. For under $15 it's worth it cause most likely it will get worn once and thrown in a drawer.	review_date"
"It was a super fun item. The only thing is the white fur on the top ripped off without even trying.	review_date"
"Babydoll is great!  Cute Christmas nightie.	review_date"
"Cute	 but very thin.	review_date"
"The back straps are loose but tight fitting everywhere else	review_date"
"The feathery area around the top sheds like crazy. Very thin.  Runs small.  Also came from out of the country. Label is oriental.	review_date"
"It fits great but it's very short	 doesn't go past my waist/hips.	review_date"
"Cheap fabric	 plastic feel	 would not buy again.	review_date"
"adorable!!!!	review_date"
It鈥檚 perfect wish it supported boobs more but it鈥檚 still cute
"Pretty like the picture but little small	review_date"
"Fits great!	review_date"
"Very sexy	 I love it	review_date"
"Pleased with purchase. fit as expected.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"a bit asmall	review_date"
"It was a great deal but the opening where the breasts go seemed too wide and my small chested so it did not look as good. Fits nicely.	review_date"
"鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"When I got this product it has holes an the fur is ripped off	review_date"
"Overall nice just to itchy! But nice	review_date"
"Way too small	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Size is to small for a large	review_date"
"Like it. Very attractive.	review_date"
"Makes every night the night before Christmas!  Should be on the top of your list.	review_date"
"This fit very nicely and was so soft! I really enjoyed it and thought it flattered my body.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"I order from this company often as their prices are just right and the outfits are always beautifully flattering on my body. I鈥檓 5鈥? and wear a size small and even though many of the reviews say they needed to size up	 I did not have that issue at all. I will say that I was a bit nervous about the neck being too small but it actually fit with enough room to spare. I鈥檓 fairly flat and I don鈥檛 feel like the chest area was too big at all	 if anything it made me look like I actually had something there. With that being said	 the material is quality lace with a bit of a stretch to accommodate bigger chests. The color in my pictures looks a bit red but in person this outfit it HOT PINK	 make no mistake about that	 it is an eye catcher. I honestly think this is my favorite piece from the company and I鈥檒l be wearing it on a upcoming vacation/late honeymoon. I would definitely recommend!	review_date"
"So festive and fun!  I love the details around the bust line and also the lace details at the bottom.  Fits as I expected it to.  Large (I'm 5'6\ 170lbs).  Made very well.""	review_date"
"This is a very cute and comfortable \outfit\"". It arrived nicely packaged and looks just like the picture. I have a small frame and the size small fit perfectly	 so it runs true to your size. Definitely recommend this. Plus its a great price and arrives quickly.""	review_date"
"He asked for Ms. Claus and he got it. The fit was perfect. I'm 5'2'' 141 lbs.	review_date"
"I have never ordered lingerie online before and was a bit nervous	 but I am in love with this piece!  It fits PERFECTLY \u0026 is very flattering. 馃榾	review_date"
"Looks exactly like expected but it鈥檚 not necessarily worth the money	review_date"
"Super comfortable	 too! The white fuzzy areas are held on a little poorly	 but it's nothing a little white thread and a needle can't fix.	review_date"
"Soft and fits very well. I highly recommend it	review_date"
"The model picture is very misleading about the \fur\"" which appears sturdy there	 but is actually a mangled mess of feathers that fall off easily. I got an XXL as I am a 38 DD	 assuming that with a somewhat stretchy fabric and adjustable straps I would be fine	 but it did not fit right at all. Well	 actually it fit fine around my midriff but the cups did not even come close to fitting my chest. It was an uncomfortable mess of side-spillage and the belt and buckle ended up hidden by the awkward fit	 so sadly I will not be wearing this and will be looking to return it ASAP.""	review_date"
"So it was extremely cute i loved the way it looked. Got a lot of compliments on it. Definitely order a size up. The problem is that its only meant for a one time use because once you wash it	 i hand washed with cold water and soap	 the feathers are ruined and the red dye bleeds REALLY badly. It stained my white bra i wore under it and thankfully it wasnt an expensive bra. The red dye also bled so badly that is got the white lace parts a reddish color. So it doesnt look the same at all. So do not wear with any clothes you dont wanna get bled on. Wash alone or dont even wash it. I would just wear it one time if i knew.	review_date"
"Sewing was off	review_date"
"Love the top. The underwear fit pretty small.	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"Very comfortable material! Fits as expected.	review_date"
"My girlfriend loves this one.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly without being too tight or too loose for me at 5'4\ and 120.""	review_date"
"Quality lingerie is $$$ so if you're looking for something to wear year-round you'll want to invest more in a higher quality piece. I was initailly underwhelmed by the package it came in	 but once it was on it looked fine. The feathers come off (anything with feathers is going to shed) and there is no chest support but it's basically a disopable outfit so no complaints here.	review_date"
"This is very short and does not fit the way it looks in the picture.  It is much more like a tank. I am 5'6\	 ~135# and 34D and I bought a M. the bottom hits at my low back with zero rear-end coverage. It is still very sexy	 but just doesn't sit on me like it does on the model.  The red color is a nice deep burgundy. The adjustable straps are a nice feature.  Fabric has a bit of an unsavory smell right out of the package.  Overall	 not exactly what I was looking for but so inexpensive that I will keep it	  probably wear it once to surprise the boyfriend and then discard.""	review_date"
"I didn't realize this item as being shipped from overseas	 and their women must be WAY smaller than us in the US.  I ordered this is a size larger than I wear and it's still TWO sizes to small.  In addition it takes two months to get in	 it was ordered for Christmas and I received it at the end of January.	review_date"
"I really love the color and the outfit but it does run small. I always order XL and they fit really good but this was just too small. The only reason I did not return it is because it has a small tear on the side but I am not sure if it was already like that or if it ripped while I tried it on. I am debating ordering another size larger. I really wanted this to fit.	review_date"
"My  wife  is  very  happy  with  it	review_date"
"Not happy. it came torn 馃槖 Size was okay I got xl	review_date"
Most lingerie runs big and I'm petite so I was hoping this would fit like a \small\" and it did. I have a small chest and the top doesn't feel big which is good. I would consider the quality ok because I'm a little concerned that when I wash it the \"fur\" will not \"fluff\" back to normal
"Loved the product but it had a weird smell to it.  After washing the product so that I could be my boyfriends \Christmas present\"" the outfit was completely ruined.  The only piece that survived were the underwear... I followed all wash instructions... complete waste of money.""	review_date"
"kinda scratchy material and the fluff leaves remnants everywhere you go.	review_date"
"save your money: waaay too cheap	review_date"
"I love this! It fits well and is so cute. The thong is flimsy but I'll wear my own.	review_date"
"really wanted to love this	 but it just didnt come even close to fitting the way it should have	 if it came about 5 sizes bigger it might have fit.	review_date"
"It's cute but had a funny smell out of the package. Very sheer	 so a silicone bra is a good idea. Be careful when washing. The red seems to run onto all of the white pieces. The medium fit me: 34C	 shorter-than-average	 average build.	review_date"
"Cheap af made poorly	review_date"
"I ordered a size up	 fit great after that.  The feathers are already coming detached after 1 use so the 3 stars.	review_date"
"Fit perfect. I love it!	review_date"
"Fits good! Is super comfortable and soft! Very happy with my purchase	review_date"
"It tore the first night with one wear without doing anything to it but putting it on. Really sexy and good for one time use. I liked it	 and it was really cute. I will not buy it again though.	review_date"
"A bit small	 fluff falls off	 can barely handle a wash. Recommend for 1 time use	review_date"
"I am not a skinny girl nor am I big	 5ft 145lbs	 so I played it safe and got an XL. I normally wear M and I'm about an 8-16 size waist depending on brands	 b cup	 and this was slightly big. So cool. It fits better than I expected for the price and is comfortable. Boyfriend loves it CX. The g string is literally just a string though no fabric on the backside either	 just a slice in front. It's nice not itchy either. I would recommend this to anyone my size and under. Not cheaply sewn either nice stitching.	review_date"
"Not much support if you're big in chest	 but it was cute.	review_date"
"I liked it a lot just a little to small for me	review_date"
"Exactly what I was looking for. Fit great \u0026 wasn't all that uncomfortable. Some of the fluff came off a bit but not noticeable.	review_date"
"Served it's purpose	 you get what you pay for on this one. Not very comfortable.	review_date"
"Whiye fuzzy s*** everywhere	review_date"
"Not  what  I  expected	review_date"
"I loved it except for the fact it has two huge holes.	review_date"
"My husband couldn't get enough of it!!!馃槀鉂わ笍Buy this!!!!	review_date"
"Very cheap made. Chest area looks like it's for size A	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"design is pretty and size is perfect. should be careful washing it it has fur.	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Ok for a quick Christmas surprise. Quality is so-so. Very short.	review_date"
"the white fluff was coming off everywhere so I returned it.	review_date"
"For larger endowed women	 poor support.  Overhang belt which disappears.	review_date"
"The sizes for this product line is terribly inaccurate.  I ordered one size larger than my usual and it barely fits.	review_date"
"Still nice	review_date"
"I absolutely love this set! It's such a good deal	 and I feel like it's the same quality as Victoria's Secret lingerie but for a way better price. I'm normally an XS but this fit me really well. I like how it has the elastic band on the bottom to make it a snug fit. The top straps are also elastic so you can have them off the shoulder without them falling down. I wanted to show what it looks like on an XS person but didn't really feel comfortable taking pictures of it on and posting them here. So you'll just have to take my word for it!	review_date"
"Love the look of this	 but it is super delicate and tore in two places with the first wear. The price was right	 but I wish I could at least get a few wears out of it and remain intact.	review_date"
"my wife love it. fit as expected for her. affordable price	review_date"
"I am in love with this teddy!! It is a gorgeous color	 I got the red rose - don't let the color name fool you	 its definitely more fuschia/pink than red. The fabric is very soft and stretchy which makes these things definitely more sexy as it doesn't cut you in the wrong place and make you look like a busted can of biscuits. My husband loved this too and said that it was very flattering on me.	review_date"
"Super super cheap material..one time wear..Runs extremely small..	review_date"
"This item was so comfortable and sexy.  It just ran a little bit small for me.  I am 5'2\ and weigh 132 pounds but I think it's because my back is muscular.""	review_date"
"When I received this lingerie and took it out of the package I thought there was no possible way it would fit me. It looked so small. However	 when I tried it on I realized it was very stretchy and fit me well! I am 5'6\ and 165lbs. If I wanted a little more coverage I could probably also wear a size large too and be happy. I ordered the purple color and it is beautiful. The lace is very soft and comfortable on my neck. My husband really loved it too!  This is definitely one sexy outfit!  The flower pattern in the lace work is also a nice touch.""	review_date"
"It's beautiful. I bought 3. One red	 one black and and this blue.	review_date"
"This is absolutely perfect! Would highly recommend!	review_date"
"Loveeeee it!!!	review_date"
"very cute and fits nice. ordering in other colors too	review_date"
"Quick delivery	  girlfriend loved it. Very sexy no complaints from me .	review_date"
"I would first like to say	 thank you for the opportunity to finally look good in a dress! I am so excited to wear this for Christmas. I ordered this a little bigger because I was afraid the lace on the arms would be non resistent. However	 the lace seems to have a little spandex in it. It鈥檚 not too stretchy but it is a little.. especially when for bigger women	 you need that little extra stretch. I don鈥檛 want to reveal my weight. But I normally wear a 22-24 and this dress could have been ordered a little bit smaller. I would have probably been okay ordering a 3x. It is so flattering. And hides all my curves just right. The only thing that would make this dress better	 is if I wore a stomach spandex. I highly recommend this dress to any bigger women looking to feel and look pretty/sexy. I don鈥檛 have anything negative to say about it.	review_date"
"This dress is absolutely perfect! We are doing a small courthouse wedding	 and it's just classy enough to be \fancy\""	 but I'm able to dress it down for our small wedding. I will absolutely recommend this dress! I'm normally between a 2XL and 3XL	 and I bought the 3XL	 and it fits perfectly with just enough wiggle room "
"I really loved this dress! I鈥檓 happy with the fit and craftsmanship of it. I鈥檝e ordered a lot of lace sleeved dresses in the past and tend to get ones with frayed and broken lace but this dress is stretchy and comfortable. Cant beat it for the price! The only warning I would give is that it runs a little large! If you like more form fitting or tighter dresses I鈥檇 advise to order a size below what you expect.	review_date"
"Great white dress I wore to my nursing school pinning. It was comfortable and so prettyon! The price was amazing as well. I had bought several other dresses and didn鈥檛 like them as much and absolutely love this one!	review_date"
"Great fit! Awesome price \u0026 it looks just like picture. I鈥檓 very satisfied with the quality as well.	review_date"
"I like the style	 the fit is good and it shipped super fast!	review_date"
"I ordered this dress for a wedding 4 weeks prior to the date.  The package became lost and I was told it was still on its way for an extra week.  I was not able to reorder in the color I wanted because it would take another 3 to 4 weeks to get.  I ended up with another color that I did not care for but the cut was good.  The size on the dress also runs one size large.  If you order from measurements be sure you get the size down for the waist than what the chart is showing.  For example if you wear and XXL according to the chart for your waist and chest get a XL.  Very disappointed I did not get this dress in the right color because the cut was perfect for me and the shape looked nice.	review_date"
"Ordered this beautiful red dress for my sisters wedding as a bridesmaid and I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?about 160lbs. I purchased a large. It is form fitting and a very flattering dress for a shorter	 more voluminous woman. There is even a little extra room in the waist area. So not too snug. Material is light and airy for a hot July wedding. Red color is bright bold cherry red! Very pretty dress :) would definitely recommend and will be a returning customer.l in the future.	review_date"
"I love it so much. If you are 18-20 plus size for a dress	 you need a 4XL. I got white and it's so pretty.	review_date"
"This is the best dress I鈥檝e ever bought. I don鈥檛 usually buy clothes online but I鈥檓 so glad I took a chance on this one	review_date"
"I love this dress.  Color was exactly the right shade.	review_date"
"Great Product \u0026 Excellent Quality	review_date"
"Cute dress but not for me.. I returned it.	review_date"
"It is great. Fast service. Thank you very much.	review_date"
"I love this dress. The material is thick and not translucent. Very pretty!	review_date"
"I attempted to wear this dress for my brother's wedding and it was too small.  I initially ordered a 2x and it fit like a 1x....the second dress was supposed to be a 4x	 but it fit like a 2x.  I wound up having to go to find a dress at a nearby store	 an hour before the wedding.  Don't waste your money if you are busty and plus - sized	 because you will be sorely disappointed.	review_date"
"Absolutely love this item! Fits great though I followed the reviews and ordered a size smaller. I鈥檝e gotten multiple compliments and it鈥檚 super comfortable. Quality is great. No issues here.	review_date"
"Had to move to smaller size	 but good fit and comfortable	 wore to a wedding.	review_date"
"Beautiful  Thanks.  June	review_date"
"i purchased the black dress in XL. just as described	 soft loose material	 hits me right at the knees. not see through so no need to wear a slip.  i have worn it on several occasions	 elegant but not too dressy. I have received many compliments on it. its so nice im ordering another one in a different color.	review_date"
"It took nearly 3 weeks to receive this dress and i wish I could say it was worth the wait. The dress is ok. There are a lot of loose strings and the fabric feels like a Halloween costume. I would not recommend this dress nor will I be purchasing anything from this seller again.	review_date"
"Good quality	 very comfortable and fit exactly as expected. The dress material wasnt see through like many other cheaper white dresses. Bought for my reception but  wish I would have worn this as my wedding dress instead of my expensive	 beaded	 uncomfortable wedding dress.	review_date"
"Dress was just like the picture! Fast shipping. Dress fits perfect.	review_date"
"She loves it.	review_date"
"I bought this dress for my grandmother and she loves it	 perfect fit.	review_date"
"Fast shipping! Fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Nice dress	 comfortable.	review_date"
"Fit very well	review_date"
"I like the fit and quality. The only thing is I'm 5'8 and the dress is a little shorter than I would have liked (especially in the back).  Overall	 I like it.	review_date"
"Great dress! Fit perfect! Looked wonderful!! Great product for a great price!!	review_date"
"The fit was great. Arrived fast and I loved it!	review_date"
"This dress is pretty and comfortable!I will wear it again:)	review_date"
"Loved it came super fast it was a little bigger then i thought	review_date"
"I love it is super soft and good quality	review_date"
"Fast delivery	 will use for photo shoot.	review_date"
"If you are a busy girl	 then this dress is for you. Order true to size. I received so many comply wen I wore this dress.	review_date"
"Love the fit! very flattering.	review_date"
"I looked good wearing it.	review_date"
"Fits nice. Was afraid it'd be too tight	 especially around the waist	 but it was comfortable and roomy. Shoulders	 neckline may be too wide for some.	review_date"
"I love this dress. The color is beautiful!	review_date"
"I loved it	review_date"
"Love it. As a girl with a belly I was kind of nervous about if I'd look like a busted can of biscuits in this boy was I wrong!! Looks an feels great I will say with if you wear a Womens 14 I would go with an XL just because YES it does strech buttttt not a lot. I myself am I between an 12 an 14 depending on the brand an I got a L but XL mite have been just a little better but the L still looked great! If anything the L helped \the girls\"" perk up. An that's another thing I'm a 38 DDD/F and it worked perfect the V pattern an the halter string help the perk up. Hope this helps""	review_date"
"Looks just like the picture and good quality. Did not tear when I put it on. I just don鈥檛 have the figure for it.	review_date"
"Very nice!! Looks very nice on the wife	 Wife is 5 \8 160Lbs""	review_date"
"I'm a bigger gal.....size 22-24 and it fit great. My hubby loved the way it looked and its super stretchy. Came way faster then i tgought it would as well. Would order again!	review_date"
"It fit but was riding up I wore it for a Red Dress Run in New Orleans so I put biker pants red underneath it and a red tutu and it worked great! This is a very skippy outfit so if you are modest don't get it. lol	review_date"
"Fits like a glove! I am a big boned	 size 10-12 in jeans	 38D bust	 and it fit great...very sexy!  Make sure you don't try to pull it on from the holes	 they will break...use the material to set it in place.  But the material is great...not recommended to use on silk sheets...unless you want to slide off the bed onto the floor and end up with a headache!!! (static too!)	review_date"
"silky	 stretch-satin type material (spandex?). looks like the picture. She is very curvy and large chested	 and it fits her great. At 5'9\ it is just long enough to cover her butt. Did not need the straps to hold it up (benefits of large boobs)	 so we cut them off	 and think it improved the look of it. You could wear this as an over-wrap (over a bikini) at the beach	 and look incredibly sexy. Realistically	 it is bedroom wear...looks awesome with black stilettos!Very pleased with this purchase - hand washed	 hung to drip dry. I believe the dryer would ruin this fabric.""	review_date"
"Good quality!Wasn't sure how this would look on my post pregnancy body but all insecurities have been put to rest! LOVE IT! I way 169 and got a medium. Perfection.	review_date"
"Surprisingly comfortable and sexy dress. I was pleasantly surprised by the feel of the fabric	 I think it could withstand machine washing.My measurements are 34-23-34 117 lbs and size XS fit me well. It hugged my body without making any bulges.	review_date"
"I took a chance on this one by ordering the 2X and I'm glad I did. I am a size 3-4X and it fits just fine. Still room for a bigger size because the material is so stretchy and great quality!	review_date"
"It fits as expected	 the fabric seems to stick to itself and it鈥檚 something you have to stretch out as you put it on and wear it for the first time	 but it鈥檚 very flattering	 it decreases the attention to the tummy and enhances and teases very well. I鈥檓 very very happy with this purchase 馃榿	review_date"
"I wasn't feeling too hot just before I tried this on. Was having that period before the actual \period\"" arrived moment	 lol	 where feelings of bloat and the \""Oh Goodness鈥?I'm so outta shape\"" rang through my head. That's when I suddenly felt the urge to try it on.... Second guessing myself the whole way to the bathroom like what heck are you about to do.... DON'T DO IT	 Pleeeeeaze!!! The emotional balloon was certainly about to burst into full on tears of regret for sure.But too my surprise... This moment of vulnerability	 completely turned into sex kitten model show for my dog and cat (as the boyfriend hadn't arrived home yet	lol) but man I was so pleased with how cute this looked on me that I instantly felt sooooo much better and super sexy too.  Its the perfect piece of lingerie for me. I'm 5'4 and 170 with curvy body. I loved I t and so did the boyfriend when I put it back on for him a few days later. "
"I love it! I was a little scared when I opened it because it looks super small	 but it's super stretchy and flattering. It hugs my curves without squeezing. Very sexy (and comfortable). I liked it so much I ordered additional colors/styles.	review_date"
"I am a size medium (ordered size medium) and small chested (B cup)	 so I was worried that I would look completely flat in this. Surprisingly	 I had cleavage in this! I'm pretty tall (5'9)	 so it's a wee bit short	 but covers my bottom enough. It's comfortable and doesn't feel tight (it's certainly form fitting though). I like that it's risque	 yet it covers each and every naughty bit	 so I don't feel uncomfortable. I also washed and air dried it when I first received it	 and it stayed fully in tact. I would recommend this to anyone looking to impress their boyfriend at home.	review_date"
"I wear a US 18-20	 but ordered a 2XL (20-22) and glad I did	 so order one size up.  It was tiny in the package and didn't think it would fit	 but stretched out nicely.  I wasn't sure how it would fit with all the cutouts and was hoping it didn't create any bulges- this exceeded my expectations.  It looked great	 and is stretchy enough to be comfortable but still holds things together.  My only complaint is that the top line/armpit area and the bottom are a bit too tight	 and the halter string isn't the most comfortable.  Overall	 I'm happy with it and for the price would buy it again.	review_date"
"Its cute until you wash it once	 even by hand (which I did) because after I wore it once and hand-washed it	 The color faded severely and while i air-dried it hanging which ultimately led to it being stretched out from the water weight pulling on it-I was too scared to put it in a dryer since I hadnt been able to machine wash it in the first place. For ten bucks	 depending on your budget	 you could do better-I have found cuter things at a \\""MART\""\"" Type of store many times. But if you have the money to blow	 then go for it. If youre into quality	 IDK I might suggest other things instead.""	review_date"
"Bought this for private time	 not for wearing out.  I'm not an exhibitionist in public - LOL.  I like to have a variety of things on hand and this is a more \moderate\"" piece considering it's intended use.  I would personally not suggest wearing this in public	 but do what you do.  This is not incredibly stretchy	 so make sure you check sizing.  I am 5'5\""	 190lbs and DDD and bought the large.  The large fits me well and I think it's a very hot item	 good for mixing things up.""	review_date"
"If i could put 10 stars	 i would.  I was in the kitchen when she came to the doorway.  When I looked at her	 I literally had to do a double take.  It is very sexy.  She said the holes made for a feeling that was sensational because of the cloth	 skin	 cloth	 skin effect.  I love it	 she loves it!	review_date"
"I鈥檓 205lbs and this stretches to fit my curves and my thick figure. I like it a lot. At first It looks small but	 鈥済irls it will fit just about anyone鈥?	review_date"
"I ordered this for a little trip I have planned to see my long distance friend!  I sent him a pic of it and he cant stop talking about it! LOL.  Its more durable than I thought it would be.  I usually only order stuff off amazon for one time use! LOL I know that sounds bad...But its so cheap.  This dress will hold up for a while.  I'm 5'10 230lbs and super duper curvy!!  This dress stopped about to upper thigh which is the perfect length for that extra sex appeal!  I want to order more....but my dude really likes red!	review_date"
"I ordered a 2XL	 and the tag said one size. I was a little skeptical at first. I tried it on	 and it was comfortable! Fit just right. Make sure you kinda roll it on like a pair of panty hose	 and adjust as you go so you don't rip the dress.I washed mine on delicate and hung dry it. No smell afterwards.	review_date"
"I freaking love this. I purchased this for my husband's birthday and can't wait to give it to him! It is SO comfortable and I feel really sexy in it and I know my husband will love it... a win win situation for all. Such a great price	 shipped faster then expected. I will TOTALLY purchase more of these!! I am 5'5	 1201bs and small chested compared to the enhanced and airbrushed model pictured	 but because it stretches everywhere	 I think no matter what body type/shape you are	 this would look amazing on you.	review_date"
"I'm torn with this product	 the sizing and fit were good (I ordered a size larger then suggest)	 but the smell that came out of the bag was horrible. I tried it on before washing it and felt my skin itch after	 so not sure what chemicals they use in the production	 but I had some sort of an allergic reaction. The dress is fine once it's washed	 even though a small hint of the old smell was still in there.	review_date"
"I love everything. Mine said free size. Looked like it wouldn't fit over my arm馃う馃従鈥嶁檧锔? But loooorrddtttt it stretched all over this plus size 22 goddess...Had me feeling myself...not literally lml but I was all that and a bag of chips. One thing I didn't pay attention to is that you tie it around your neck like a swimsuit.馃憴 Helps hold the 46DD tatas up.	review_date"
"This is a top not long enough to be a dress as shown on the picture.	review_date"
"There was a run in the nylon when I received it... But I kept it because it will probably have more runs by the time my hubby gets it off of me. 馃槣 Also I ordered a 2xl (which i normally wear) but I should have ordered a 3xl... It does stretch but tight stretch like compression sock material. Other than that it is VERY sexy and covers the right parts under the solid black. Can't wait to share it with hubby. 馃槇	review_date"
I orderd a 2脳 and got a \free sized\" garment. One size does NOT fit all. This doesnt get over my chest.. I hope this was a mistake by whomever packaged it. I ordered for a boudoir photo shoot for my wedding gift to my husband. 
"Sexy lingerie even for plus size ladies. I'm a 20-22 and bought the 22 it's a little snug getting it on but very cute. Will buy other colors	review_date"
"I'm 5'6\ 130 pounds. This fit well and was very comfortable. It is extremely stretchy. I imagine it would fit a variety of body types.""	review_date"
"I ordered this piece in a 2XL (20-22) and I'm 5'3\ and wear a 16/18. When I took it out of the package	 I burst out laughing and said 'no way' with how small it was but it stretches REALLY well and looked surprisingly well on me for my body shape as most of my weight is in my abdomen. It does take a little wrangling to get on if you're curvier. The only reason I give it a 4 stars is because the edging along the top that turns into the halter straps is REALLY tight. I can'y imagine someone with a thicker upper chest to be comfortable as it did bother me for the few hours I was wearing it and I'm small busted for my overall size.""	review_date"
"A picture of the back was omitted from the product description. It's all mesh	 like on the sides. There's no fabric back there. Kinda breezy.	review_date"
"Pretty nice item	 seems strong and decent quality	 unfortunately pretty tight and not very flattering on this size 14/16 mom with belly!	review_date"
"I ordered a size 20 knowing that foreign clothes are smaller. What I received was a \FREE\"" size which actually really means for very bony skinny women no offense to the skinny boney women used to be one but this is will fit  a 10 year old. Don't waste your money""	review_date"
"You pay for what you get.  I ordered an XL ( I鈥檓 5鈥? \u0026 172 lbs). It feels like a small but it鈥檚 super stretchy so it works.  Definitely sexy worth the buy.	review_date"
"Even the biggest size didn't fit me	 and it's not like 600lbs. Sheesh!	review_date"
"Fits my wife perfectly and works great as a last minute saddle harness. Really stretchy and won't tear when pulling really HARD for LONG periods of time. Cleans easily and all liquids/oils came out the first time. If you are wanting to release your inner freak this is a great product to start doing that and her.	review_date"
"If you're under 150 pounds	 just buy it if you like it. I am 135	 5'7 and the medium fits well. I got the medium because I'm still losing baby weight but I think it will still fit well at 130/125 too.	review_date"
"DON'T TRUST THE SIZING!!!!  I specifically referred to the size chart	 measured myself	 ordered a size that would be generous (a 3x)  I was sent a \Free Size\""  that was tight on my size 8 sister.  The dress itself was nice and I'm glad my sister loved.  Also glad I ordered backup plans.""	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 it was liked at the party she wore it to...	review_date"
Fits a plus size gal very well. Upon pulling ir our of the package it looks small and I thought there is NO WAY...but i was able to slip itnon its super stretchy and your rolls wont be popping our of it because of the awesome stretch and give. Highly recommend it. Hubby loved it too 
"I mean... It runs kinda small..  It was as pictured yes. But	 it runs small. Stretchy. But small.  Thats really all i can say.. Not super in love but not disappointed.	review_date"
"I really like it	 I needed a 2X	 because the larger woman with my size loved it. It just wasn't available. Very nice though I get I have to loose weight. It's not the company's fault they just didn't have my size so I told a chance it might run large. It fits true to size 16-18	review_date"
"Fits great. Good quality	 looks great on. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is that the material that it is made of snags like pantyhose.	review_date"
"Fits well but rolls up on me	 have to constantly pull down. Very stretchy and fabric is pretty comfy. Not worth the price they are asking if u ask me. But hubby likes it	review_date"
"Really good	 looks sexy and fits well	review_date"
"sexy and very form fitting	 shorter than I expected but not an issue given the intended use of the purchase	 and obviously it achieved the expected results.	review_date"
"I loved that it fit so perfectly. Nothing snug or uncomfortable. It was so sexy and the holes added to that. Very soft	 comfy	 sexy	 and he loved it on me.	review_date"
I am very pleased with this! It fits as expected and is easy to take off and on. It arrived on time and in good condition. Both my partners really enjoyed this new set of lingerie also. 
"Fit very nicely my wife wore it to a party last night and with her 40DD it was a hit guys loved it of course she was very happy with it will order again from this company.	review_date"
"Sexy	 covers enough and hides the little bulges I can't seem to shed. Nice color (purple) and diff from the usual black and red.  Biggest selling point - BF really liked it!	review_date"
"Has turned in to my wife's favorite outfit. I'd post pics but she's rather modest	 but we're very pleased with this to say the least.	review_date"
"Too large for me (100lbs) so gave it away. Super sexy.	review_date"
"Love it	 looks great. I'm about 200lbs and 5'8\ and the large fit like a dream. Looked super sexy. It really does technically cover all the necessary parts to be worn in public	 but i'm not sure i would do it. Just buy it!""	review_date"
"Not even close to actual size. Don't waste your money. Looks cute but at least 3 sizes off. Not happy	review_date"
"I am 5\5 230lbs this fits wonderfully and I feel sexy""	review_date"
"I didn鈥檛 like it it was cheaply made and was too small	review_date"
"After having a couple kids and being a little self-conscious of the midsection this was the perfect solution super comfortable good quality super sexy	review_date"
"I ordered an XL and it was still to small.	review_date"
"Really cute but runs really really small. If you are a medium an XL will probably fit you appropriately.	review_date"
"I can't stand it when my girlfriend puts this on. She is very conservative and doesn't like wearing things like this	 but when she seses how excited I get	 she doesn't mind. It holds everything perfectly in all the right places.	review_date"
"A lil cheap	 one of the slits popped first wear.	review_date"
"Soft and stretchy like others of this general type. Fits a little smaller/is less uber-stretchy than some of the others. Cute as a tank top or a dress.	review_date"
"What a mess! Looks cute online.	review_date"
"Item arrived with shoulder straps as shown in the picture not even completely sewn to the outfit. This is a ridiculously display of quality assurance. Will never order from this seller again.	review_date"
"The dress is made very well and is all that was expected.	review_date"
"Love it. Very stretchy and comfy . Nice made well	review_date"
"I thought I ordered a dress	 like the picture. What I received was a top...barely.	review_date"
"Wife loves it and she looks great when she wears it.  When going out she'll put this on with leggings... WOW	review_date"
"Very attractive	 even for a curvy woman. Would've given 5 stars	 but it is VERY easy to put runs in this material. It is like a giant nylon though	 so I suppose that's expected.	review_date"
"oh my this looks fab on me and my hubby couldn't keep his hands off!!!	review_date"
"Amazing! Love the quality and material.  The pink was gorgeous. Buying it in black now	review_date"
"Love the fit and feel of this one size fits all item. Husband loves it on me.	review_date"
"Ladies ... OMG	 just get it! ... Love it	 don't regret it! ... It's difficult and depressing at times trying to find flattering lingerie. But this does a GREAT job!	review_date"
"5鈥?鈥?155 pounds and it was just right. No bulges poking out anywhere.	review_date"
"I ordered a large	 but received a size that says \free\"" I'm assuming that means \""one size fits all\"" and us curvier ladies know that typically isn't the case for us. I own a similar one that fits great and wasn't sold as \""one size fits all\"" it does stretch	 and goes on my body just not as expected. I will probably return it.""	review_date"
"Sexier on than off.  Looks exceptional small	  but is very stretchable.  ..even in your size.  Way shorter on that pictured.  You can pull and tug to stretch	  but it'll still ride up.  Consider some sexy leggings perhaps of you're thinking to wear it outside the playroom.  Very Wow sexy though.  Worth the purchase.	review_date"
"Boyfriend said I looked sexy and I love this because it is so comfortable. I am 5'10 230 hourglass shaped and bought size suggested.	review_date"
"Hey girl hey	Yes	 it鈥檚 a sexy and well fit for body and mind	review_date"
"The material is sooooo nice and comfy. Its heavy cloth material	 so itll be great for winter. The halter string part is annoying	 its cheap and will eventually break so i just cut the strings off mine.	review_date"
"I'm fat and didn't expect this to fit very well and if it did I expected it to be uncomfortable. However	 I was wrong. The material is super stretchy and fits perfectly. Besides the whole fat thing	 it looks good and fits great.	review_date"
"Though it was a small?? Says free size?????	review_date"
"Very cute and a very flattering fit. I love it more than I would thought. Material is a bit cheap but not the worst.	review_date"
"Love it	 it covers in all the right areas	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit or look like this at all. Arrived torn and clearly worn.	review_date"
"Form fitting and stretchy.  It shows all of my bumps but my boyfriend likes it on me.	review_date"
"Really small	 you need a perfect figure to look good in this garment.	review_date"
A little small but I worked it out 
"Fit amazing and hugs every curve. Very sexy loved!	review_date"
"	review_date"
"this was a glove	 even one size up would be too tight so at least 2 sizes up unless you want to rip the mesh design trying on.	review_date"
"I was surprised that this dress fit so well! It's so stretchy and so sexy! I'm a 14/16 and it fit perfectly!! My husband defiantly LOVED me in it!!	review_date"
"It fits and feels great its really sexy and my boo loved it	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? and 220lbs and he loves it on me!It鈥檚 really soft and smooth material.	review_date"
"Cute but cane damaged	review_date"
"fits a large perfect	 I also could of gone up a size. the dress is comfy and holds my chest (DD) just fine. I ordered a size large and its true to size. i bought this for sexy resort wear.	review_date"
"I consider myself more on the curvy side and this looked super sexy on! Even though it is tight	 it still flatters everybody type.	review_date"
"I like this	 my bf loved this	 and it still hasn't broken yet. great price too!	review_date"
"I ordered the smallest size in the red seamless mesh. I am 5'1 \u0026 about 90-95lbs. I don't 100% fill it out becausr I'm slim	 but it's still pretty form fitting. My s/o loves it! And the fabric is pretty decent!	review_date"
"SUPER cute. Husband was impressed as well :)	review_date"
"I bought size I normally wear and it fit. It was a snug fit but pretty sure that's the look expected	review_date"
"Super sexy! I love this outfit	review_date"
"Very cute and fits me perfect. I really like how it feels as well.	review_date"
"Seriously for the price this turned out to be a hit	review_date"
"Oh man. When she had this on and was all	 you know	 showing me the goods... yep. This was well worth the money spent on it.	review_date"
"Fits like it should	 exactly as described. wouldn't worry about getting a size bigger. A 2x is a 2x. True to color.	review_date"
"Just as pictured	review_date"
"I bought this for my wife and she looks great in it	 very satisfied. I bought a second and may buy a third	 nothing is too good for my wife.	review_date"
"Love this! It fits better than expected	 covers all the right places. Fabric is quality material. Fits true to size.	review_date"
"Runs so small! I have nice curves but it made me look like a busted can of biscuits! I took it off in a hurry and put on something that made me feel sexy lol this is a joke unless your naturally petite than rock it!	review_date"
"Nice quality material. Nice fit. I'm 5'3 165 lbs 36DDD size Large is perfect	review_date"
"I love this new sexy outfit.  The material is very soft and fits beautifully.  So happy I purchased it.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"Not bad but washes up with fuzzies \u0026 faded.	review_date"
"Small and cheap	review_date"
"poor fit	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"馃槈	review_date"
"This dress is fabulous	 stretchy	 and perfect for fitting into a small bag or purse	 and wearing in an appropriate setting. I hand wash these and air dry them.	review_date"
"Fun novelty surprise garment.  \HE\"" loved it!""	review_date"
"Love this	 the material is stronger than most lingerie and it fit nice and flattering.	review_date"
"The fit is snug	 but it is VERY sexy.  I'd recommend it!  If you're bustier up top (I'm not)	 maybe go up in size	review_date"
"So sexy	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"SexyFit wellVersatile	review_date"
"Not bad for the price	 satisfied	review_date"
"gift	review_date"
"Fabulous fit! Quality manufacturing. I鈥檓 a size 16-18 and I bought an xl with plenty stretch room.	review_date"
"Wish I could give them zero stars	 item looks like it should fit a doll. Sizing they have advertised is a joke do not order. Total waste of money	review_date"
"Dress fit beautifully. Im a size 16	 and it was very forgiving but highlighted all my natural assets. Im going to recommwnd this outfit to all my friends. FYI my bae loved it...talkinf about \ I hope thats not for outside. I'm like naw	 this is just for you.\"" That's a win in my book.""	review_date"
"She had to take a second look at herself in the mirror! 馃憖. I had already looked 5 times before she put it on..But when she put it on 馃い馃憛馃槏馃挘	review_date"
"Love very sexy	review_date"
"My wife looks great in it 馃憤	review_date"
"Very stretchy and forgiving.  Have not washed it yet so I don't know how well it will weather.	review_date"
"My wife looks incredible in this.	review_date"
"It stretches	  so just cause it looks little it fits good	review_date"
"Good for the price and length of time you will be wearing it.	review_date"
"Sexy thanks	review_date"
"Cheap material but sexy! Good for all sizes.  I wear a size 12 and weigh 165 pounds.	review_date"
"Looks delicious	 very stretchy material and slimming look. Nice open back halter.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and fit perfectly	review_date"
"fit cute and tight	review_date"
"loved the fit.  could actually sleep in this its so comfortable	review_date"
"Want to make your date drool	 order this dress!	review_date"
"Very flattering and sexy	review_date"
"Very cute outfit. Material is okay for the money. I just love it because it covers the tummy.	review_date"
"Sexy LiL number! I had some underwear and bra with it but this is a cute item	review_date"
"Nice product	 and fit	review_date"
"Will buy again	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"WOW. Wife really looks great im this.  We will be buying other colors.	review_date"
"Not what I expected. It fit weird \u0026 not as comfortable as I thought it would be.	review_date"
"My wife looks very sexy in this outfit.	review_date"
"Very well	review_date"
"Fits great. Love it.	review_date"
"My wife loves this negligee! It holds are in where it needs to and looks very sexy on her! The sizing was correct and the price was unbeatable! We would definitely buy again!	review_date"
"Great house dress!  Love it!	review_date"
"This is a very flattering piece for all body shapes in my opinion. My husband was beyond pleased.	review_date"
"My wife loves it and she looks great in it.	review_date"
"Sexy. Fits nicely. Not a bad buy for the price.	review_date"
"Not only is it too small but it just wasn't what I expected..	review_date"
"Not overly flattering in person.	review_date"
"Sexy but small beware doesn鈥檛 stretch a lot.	review_date"
"Fantastic piece . Love it .	review_date"
"Super sexy	 fits great	review_date"
"I felt like I was being eaten by a snake trying to put this on lol. It's very sexy but just didn't fit me well.	review_date"
"It fits	 bit is slightly too short in the torso. You can tell by where the bellybutton hole is (see picture).	review_date"
"This definitely stretches for a big girl like me.  I wear between a 12 and a 14 and this fit perfectly.	review_date"
"I love this one. Very stretchy and firm fitting. It looks great.	review_date"
"Make a plus size girl feel skinny lol (Size 14)	review_date"
"Love it.. you can't go wrong.. works for every body type.	review_date"
"When I tell you I put this bad boy on and my SO couldn't get enough of me! I loved it I felt very sexy in it!	review_date"
"very sexy outfit	review_date"
"My husband loved this. I'm on the heavier side as I'm 5 weeks post partum but this made for a great first night back in the saddle. It turns out you don't have to be skinny to rock it hard	 you just need the right outfit.	review_date"
"very sexy	 I am a tall woman so it goes right under my buns. wish it was little longer	review_date"
"Wow. All I have to say.	review_date"
"wife loves it she cant wait to wear it when we go to the islands in aug at the clubs	review_date"
"Heehee	 yes	 I love it on my wife!	review_date"
"I'm a 1x so I got a 2x and it fits perfectly. Very pleasantly surprised with this item will buy from again :)	review_date"
"This dress got me plenty of compliments. It goes great with my skin tone.	review_date"
"Comfortable	 stretches to fit anybody shape	 very soft wash is nicely	 need to hang dry. Equality .	review_date"
"sizes run way too small	review_date"
"Def fun to wear and play around in. Fit perfectly thanks to the stretchy material	review_date"
"It stretches	 looks good but very revealing	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Looks great on my wife	review_date"
"Love the dress. Looks extremely tiny when taken out of the package but fits nice	review_date"
"my husband loves it on me	review_date"
"What was sent does not look like the picture	 and it ran a little large. Very disappointed. I'm glad Amazon does free returns on Prime merchandise!	review_date"
"When I first opened it I thought it would be too small (I ordered the xl as that's what I typically wear) but it fits like a glove! Will definitely be buying more!	review_date"
"Love Love Love it	review_date"
"Very intriguing	review_date"
"Very sexy and comfortable!! Looks great on me. Also very stretchy. The size chart worked for me.	review_date"
"Very attractive on and fits well.  Quite comfortable.  Husband thought was very sexy.	review_date"
"Looks incredibly tiny out of the package but stretches to fit your body.	review_date"
"looks great on my girl very sexy	review_date"
"Fits good and looks very nice !	review_date"
"When you get it. It looks too small but it stretches	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"Used size chart	 way too small.	review_date"
"Perfect.	review_date"
"Husband loves it.	review_date"
"Loved the fit and the color	review_date"
"Really good for plus size also	review_date"
"Nice item	 priced right. She likes it	review_date"
"Very nice and very very sexy	 believe me your significant other will love this!	review_date"
"Size is way off. I'm returning it.	review_date"
"Cute and curvy on	 but left over cutting in package......?	review_date"
"One of my favorites.	review_date"
"He loves it	review_date"
"Too small and it is not worth the money.	review_date"
"Not for anyone tall or bigger than a 10/12	review_date"
"Looks better then expected. A size 18 fits 3xl comfortably.	review_date"
"Super cheap material	review_date"
"Sexy	review_date"
"Runs way to small! Threw it away because it doesn't fit	review_date"
"Great item for the price. Was well made	 and I saw no imperfections!	review_date"
"Fits great	 looks better.  Sexy and cheap little thing to impress. Hubby liked it. Fit tight	 comes extra small looking but it stretches out nicely. Plan on buying more! Throw a pair of heels on and you're set.	review_date"
"Somewhat small but otherwise good.	review_date"
"Fits as expected	 okay fabric.  Fun to wear.  Price is better than what I'd find in an adult store.  Fast delivery.	review_date"
"Ordered a 2x. Super tight on me currently but it fits. Even over my pregnant belly I'm happy about. Once I lose some pounds should fit much better I'd say I'm happy :). I hope my husband likes it.	review_date"
"Looks amazing on	review_date"
"I brought this product for my wife	 she looks amazing in it. The product fits and look as described. I will be buying from this seller again soon.	review_date"
"It's really super cute but get 3-4 sizes larger than you normally wear. Except for being small it's super flattering.	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"The color was perfect. The dress style fit great and looked great. The boyfriend really enjoyed it.	review_date"
"I'm 5'8 160 fits good and looks great. Excited to show hubby	review_date"
"I wanted to like this cause it looks so good on. It just runs small and doesn't stretch much.	review_date"
"Not plus size	 it fit but it was a stretch	 I'm a curvy 16 mostly hips belly and butt	review_date"
"good	review_date"
"Love this so much.	review_date"
"Perfecto!!!!	review_date"
"Ordered a size larger and it fit pretty well.  Very sexy.  I like it a lot.	review_date"
"I felt it ran a tad big.. love it still.. just wish it would have been a bit tighter.. still sexy though..	review_date"
"It was really really short..more like tank top than a dress	review_date"
"Simply sexy! Wife put this on and ....	review_date"
"Fit is perfect	 looks good 	 just like the picture.	review_date"
"My boyfriend LOVED it!!!!! Super sexy and very stretchy!	review_date"
"Loved it but it was too small!  Returned it!	review_date"
"Ok but fit small.	review_date"
"My wife looked awesome in this.	review_date"
"Very sexy. Fits great!	review_date"
"It's stretchy. It's beautiful. It's comfy. I love it! And my boyfriend does too !!! Fast shipping. Affordable. Well worth it to me.	review_date"
"Very very sexy!	review_date"
"I like the way it looks but sizing is a bit off. Should have ordered a size larger.	review_date"
"Excellent	review_date"
"Thanks	review_date"
"It runs a little small. But it stretches.	review_date"
"I love it. Nice lil black number for romance	review_date"
"Great look. Hand wash. Sexy look.	review_date"
"Its was actually the right size fits perfectly...I love it	review_date"
"This is a darlin' outfit!!!	review_date"
"Love this! Super sexy. I'm not tiny	 but it makes me look great!	review_date"
"It is very very very very very small. Very disappointed.	review_date"
"Did not fit as expected. I ordered an XL and tag says one size fits all. Still fits just tighter	review_date"
"If sexy is what you want.  This is it.	review_date"
"a little tight but good quality	review_date"
"Fits well my boyfriend liked it not crazy but it was great for the price.	review_date"
"love it very sexy	review_date"
"Purchased for my wife. It is a great fit and tons of fun.	review_date"
"good purchase	review_date"
"Fits small. I'm 5'6\ - 137lbs - ordered a medium.""	review_date"
"Fit small	review_date"
"Super sexy	 great price!	review_date"
"Loved the color of this hot little number. It runs small.	review_date"
"Very sexy...my husband loved how I looked in it.	review_date"
"Fits great for someone who鈥檚 5鈥?鈥?	 good quality material	review_date"
"Fits perfect!	review_date"
"Maybe a tad small. GF and I liked. She said if she was in her 20's she might wear to a club	review_date"
"This  was a great color	 and I liked it. But really too small	review_date"
"Very nice  Was he right color	review_date"
"Loved this- I detached the straps for a tube top and unlike other items that I鈥檝e bought that are less expensive I鈥檒l be able to wear this a few time	review_date"
"I love it!	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Wow.  This will get the husband excited!	review_date"
"A++++++  Hubby loves it!!!	review_date"
"She loves it.	review_date"
"Wrong item as well this doesdoesn't look anything like the one in the picked out	review_date"
"Very Sexy!	review_date"
"I absolutely love this and I wore it for my bf and he absolutely loved it as well.  Felt very sexy wearing this	review_date"
"Love it from the material to the fit !!	review_date"
"Wow	review_date"
"Fits great 	love the look.	review_date"
"fabric develops runs after a few uses	 but it's good for the price.	review_date"
"Very sexy but did ride up a little when I walked	review_date"
"soooo cute	review_date"
"Looks great on	review_date"
"Looks so good on my WIFE!!!	review_date"
"looks good on big girls. love it.	review_date"
"Was on time and is perfect! Good quality and fits perfectly. I鈥檓 a size 8-10 and I can tell it would fit smaller or larger. Doesn鈥檛 make me look like a stuffed ham 馃槣	review_date"
"Sexxxxxy	 the husband LOVES this outfit and due to it's stretchiness it fits like a glove! Great buy!	review_date"
"Like it	 but one hole was larger than all the others.. looks off	 must've been a defect. Otherwise it's fine.	review_date"
"I ordered this little number and it fit as expected. Would order again.	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Very soft and super cute!	review_date"
"Love this!	review_date"
"Looks amazing . Contours to your body.	review_date"
"Very sexy and fits nicely.	review_date"
"This fits as expected. It's very stretchy when I took it out of the package I thought there's no way it's going to fit but it fits great	review_date"
"Sexy vibrant color! Price well worth it馃槈	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Lots of stretch.	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 waste your money	review_date"
"Husband love it! I feel very confident	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Very comfortable and stretchy. My husband and I both love it.	review_date"
"Fit great and looks good on!!	review_date"
"This is an extremely sexy outfit fits like a glove. It brings out my inner stripper	review_date"
"Super sexy!	review_date"
"I liked it but it is running like nylons in the front and back were the \V\"" is""	review_date"
"When I receive products 	the traps of the suit where broken!! And it was too small!!	review_date"
"I love it. My top loves it.	review_date"
"Very sexy! Husband loved it.	review_date"
"wife loves it	review_date"
"Very sexy.	review_date"
"Very cute and actually kind of slimming.	review_date"
"This is just like the photo. Stretches great and my boyfriend loves it!	review_date"
"A size large fits my wife like a tank top. She is 5'9' and 120lbs	review_date"
"I love the way it fits	 and that it's snug and holds you in.  But even tho I ordered a large	 I should have ordered the xlarge.  It runs small.	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"Great product. Stretches a lot. From small to much bigger.	review_date"
"Looks really small. But it contours to the body perfectly. Not disappointed	review_date"
"Stretchy materia that fit really well!	review_date"
"My favorite	review_date"
"Not a true extra large and not very stretchy.	review_date"
"My wife looks amazing in it!!	review_date"
"This is TINY. Like size 2 tiny... certainly not plus size by any means.	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"Good for the beach	review_date"
"Loved it.	review_date"
"Stretchy material	 so it's an easy fit. Definitely sexy no matter what your size! Does a lot of good for shaping.	review_date"
"It looked amazing on my girlfriend	review_date"
"It鈥檚 so sexy and my husband love it.	review_date"
"Comfortable and fits as expected.	review_date"
"I have purchased in 3 colors	 it鈥檚 hot	review_date"
"Snags like pantyhose	review_date"
"Arrived quickly but it's too small.	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"I just received my order is to small and the straps are broken	review_date"
"Was very impressed and very pleased with product	review_date"
"I hope you have a size 34 inch waist if you want to wear the bottoms.	review_date"
"Loved it. Shows off your curves	review_date"
"Wife is petite and so	 fit great and she looked amazing	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit as advertised	review_date"
"I am quite happy with this product. It fit well and it looks cute	review_date"
"I live the way it stretches to fit just right and I'm 5	3 160 pounds and covers what I wanted covered	review_date"
"good fit well at a fair price	review_date"
"Nice !  Fitting is a bit small.	review_date"
"Great fit	 super sexy	review_date"
"Hubby loves it. Comfy stretchy and sexy.	review_date"
"Love it a lot	review_date"
"Gift for my wife	review_date"
"This is one of my favorite things to wear. Goes great with fishnet stockings!	review_date"
"Not true to size	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"POOR quality. Ordered in 3XL. Looks like a size 0.	review_date"
"Perfection	 I loved it!! 馃榿(XXL)	review_date"
"The item fit as expected. I was satisfied with three product.	review_date"
"Too small	 fishnet ripped the first time I put it on	review_date"
"Love it works like a charm!	review_date"
"Decent quality.	review_date"
"I ordered a 2x and it looks like a small in kids.. not at all what I expected.	review_date"
"I love this product it was really sexy on	review_date"
"I love the fit.....it was worth the wait.....:)	review_date"
"cute but too small.	review_date"
"Recieved this item today. I won't lie. When I opened the package and saw the chemise. I was a little worried. It looks a lot smaller than I thought it would. I thought how is this body gonna fit into this. Then I tried it on. And OH MY GOSH! The fit  is amazing. It stretches very nicely	 not too snug	 just right. It actually holds in and camoflouges my problem areas. I usually wear a medium. That's what I ordered and it's perfect.  I can not wait to wear this for my hubby! He is going to flip!!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 really sexy on	review_date"
"My boyfriend LOVES it on me!	review_date"
"It is so soft I love the feel covered just enough to be sexy	review_date"
"Design and color plus material	review_date"
"to little and tight	review_date"
"Cute. Hubby loved it. I wish j had gotten a size smaller but it still looked great.	review_date"
"Love it! Fits perfect and very sexy	review_date"
"Very short very small even for 2x	review_date"
"Love it!!!	review_date"
"Love everything about this!	review_date"
"it did the job	review_date"
":)	review_date"
"Fit as advertised	review_date"
"Super cute comfy and a little stretch love	review_date"
"Way too small. Not true to size.	review_date"
"It's cute	 could be a little more stretcher.	review_date"
"Good 	 fit perfectly	review_date"
"It was appreciated.	review_date"
"Just as described	review_date"
"Wife loves the way it fits. I love the way she looks in it . Perfect party dress very happy	review_date"
"It was really small. I had to squeeze into it.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and was a great price.	review_date"
"Great product for a great price!	review_date"
"A lil small but still sexy.	review_date"
"fantastic	review_date"
"The material is great and strong and cleans well!	review_date"
"Runs very small	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Very sexy. Free size only.	review_date"
"Beautiful piece. Just doesn't fit.	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Sexy and soft	 I am happy with this purchase :)	review_date"
"It has a little stretching room. Perfect on hugging the curves	review_date"
"Never again	review_date"
"It's exactly what I thought it was going to be	 a dress with holes in it!	review_date"
"Runs really small 	 didn't fit.	review_date"
"Did not fit.	review_date"
"I ordered with Amazon prime	 and received it on the day expected. Packaged in an opaque	 grey	 nondescript bag	 with product inside clear bag.I ordered a large	 wearing large or certain cut mediums in regular clothes.The material is very stretchy and tight fitting	 so not forgiving if tighter undergarments are worn	 but thick enough material to hold everything together and in place on its own. (String that ties around neck seems a little unnecessary until you realize without it	 the tight stretched material would roll down without it during movement.Very pleased. 馃槉	review_date"
"馃憟馃挅	review_date"
"Ordered XS	 fits wonderfully	 comfortable yet super sexy.	review_date"
"Fit perfectly.  I was hesitant about picking the sea blue	 but it is really pretty. Adds nice variety.	review_date"
"Love this!! I'm a 1x and this fit well. Lots of stretch without feeling tight at all.	review_date"
"Im a size 17 in jeans with a tummy and 38D bra	 this fit me perfectly!	review_date"
"Fits perfect	review_date"
"Good material but way to small	review_date"
"Love this!!! Will definitely buy again in different colors	review_date"
"Did what it was intended for.	review_date"
"Comfortable fit. Sexy as h*'ll. Boyfriend hasn't recovered yet!	review_date"
"Great fit	review_date"
"Very comfortable and flattering!	review_date"
"Excellent it was a hit with my hubby	review_date"
"I love it! And he loves it too!	review_date"
"My husband loves this!	review_date"
"Hot	 comfy and true to size!	review_date"
"Love it!!	review_date"
"Stretchy and comfortable	review_date"
"just sets the mood	review_date"
"Had no complaints from the husband!馃榿	review_date"
"Still cute just shirt and im 5'3\""	review_date:August 30	 2017""	star"
"super cute	review_date"
"My babe loved this piece.	review_date"
"Fits amazing my husband loves it	review_date"
"Fit smaller than I thought but it is what it is	review_date"
"Fit perfect!	review_date"
"Bought it for the wife. I'm pleased.	review_date"
"Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Runs small but was ok	review_date"
"fits as expected	review_date"
"Didn't fit as expected.	review_date"
"It small	review_date"
"Arrived damaged. Very disappointed	review_date"
"馃挄Love it!	review_date"
"i love it!!!	review_date"
"Loved it...and so did he!	review_date"
"Runs VEEERY small.	review_date"
"It's great!	review_date"
"I love 鉂わ笍 it	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"Good quality. Mailed on time. Looked good on her.	review_date"
"Love the way it hugged my curves	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"All good	review_date"
"Very Sexy!!!	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"Love this!!	review_date"
"Instant wood.	review_date"
"Fits me very well and I am 6\ tall	 300lbs \u0026 usually wear a size 24. That being said it could easily fit and flatter someone larger or smaller. I got white and I love it but I will be purchasing it again in a couple other colors. Oh and my husband loved it!""	review_date"
"Says xl- us 16-18.. looks like it would do good to fit a petite woman. Like size 6	review_date"
"This was a hit. It fit perfectly. It's very elastic and soft at the same time. It's a little too sexy to wear as an actual \going out\"" outfit	 but it COULD be if you were going to certain places. I would recommend to anyone looking for a fun outfit.""	review_date"
"Very sexy and looks great on \curvy\"" women because it defines the shape. Its very easy to put on as well. It also feels good against the skin	 no roughness. You could probably rock this as a bikini cover for those who rather be sexy but still covered up at the beach.""	review_date"
"The lace detailing is rough and is not comfortable against your skin. There is almost zero support for your chest	 the cups seemed too low and wide--which no surprise is NOT super sexy. This seems to run a little large	 which may explain my aforementioned cup complaints. The straps are adjustable which is nice	 and the navy blue is a very nice color!	review_date"
"I'm definitely returning this. No stretch at all! I'm disappointed it should not be listed in the plus size section.	review_date"
"Looove this product!  It fit nicely and im a bigger girl with bigger breasts and it holds them in place pretty good.  It covers all the right spots that im self conscience about and somehow made me look slimmer. I will definitely be buying in every color!	review_date"
"Love this outfit it is so sexy馃構馃構馃構馃構馃構馃槤馃槤馃槤馃槤馃槤馃槣馃槣馃槣馃槣馃槏馃槏馃槏 your man will love it especially when you turn around.	review_date"
"Merry 21 halter. Criss cross. I have bought the product before. this time was poor due to the fact that that none of the string had already been through the eyelets. the string has no Firm ends so therefore was impossible to thread through the many many eyeless.	review_date"
"This fits as expected	 even though at first it didn't look like it would go on.  Super sexy lingerie	 I like how my wife looks in it and she feels sexy in it	 what more could you ask for?	review_date"
"Ok so i am a heavy girl at 5ft 2inch	 200 lbs	  size 16 pants and very subconscious about myself i ordered an xl and THIS FIT ME GREAT. Surprised my bf with this and he went nuts! Kept me up the entire night lol. Ladies just buy it!	review_date"
"Feels like she doesn't have anything on she says. And the view	 well it's a great view. She looks great in it and it looks great on her. She said it's soft and comfy. Washed well.	review_date"
"Items came in a generic plastic bag. No box	 no manufacturers label	 no nothing! this was the equivalent of someone putting you dress in a ziploc bag	 and mailing it to you with nothing else. the dress it's self seemed fine. but	 if this is a gift steer clear.	review_date"
"I'm a size 6-8 and it fits great. Its very fitting as the picture shows	 but comfortable. the material is soft so its not tight constricting.	review_date"
"Cheaply made product	  had a tear in the hem right out of the bag. Also fit very small. Bad buy	review_date"
"Looks very sexy on and fits my 5' 1\ 100 lbs girlfriend perfectly.""	review_date"
"Very sexy...I was worried about it fitting but it looks good on me as on XXL...the full fabric sections are placed nicely to hide tummy	review_date"
"I'm wear a size 18-22 this fits. Didn't really need the neck halter piece but that's me. Love how it looks on me	review_date"
"horrible material and not worth the money!	review_date"
"A little snug but my husband and I love ur	review_date"
"Cheap junk	review_date"
"Made me smile	 no complaints.	review_date"
"perfect!!!	review_date"
"What is this some kind of JOKE .?? DO NOT BUY !!!! THEY MUST HAVE USED THE PLASTIC MODEL OF A 3 YEAR OLD TO MAKE THIS THING !!!  WAS NOT MADE FOR ADULTS !!! THE PICTURES AND DESCRIPTIONS LIE!!!!!	review_date"
"sent back	review_date"
"Looks great and clings well to my body.	review_date"
"Wife and I enjoyed it. It hugs her curves perfectly. Product is strechy enough.	review_date"
"loved it!!!! couldn't be more pleased with the purchase. bf loved it!!!!	review_date"
"sizing was perfect	review_date"
"Arrive on time. Pretty stretchy and light weight. Top part is not as stretch	 i ordered a LARGE it fit perfectly throughout my entire body but above the bust it was a bit tight.Ps. Babe went crazy 馃榿馃槑	review_date"
"I love the overall style and it is stretchy...but its still too small. If you have any kind of breasts the top wont fit...youd have to be very very petite all around. Also the front part thats all black is not even as big as shown in the picture. I was hoping it would be a little longer but barely comes down over my butt.  Overall its a cute little number thats obvious..but it needs to be adjusted as far as more fabric etc. I ordered a size XL. But its one of those items that looks like they make for \one size fits mist\"". Def wasnt an XL. And the tag has no size on it.""	review_date"
"Nice material	 well packed	 and delivery was fast. Most important	 it fits well.	review_date"
"Had the time of my life with this outfit on . Made me look like s super model. My body looked amazing . My husband was very satisfied.	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Not to our liking. Returned. May be just right for others.	review_date"
"Cute. Fianc茅 will love it.	review_date"
"Love this piece it's super sexy and very very stretchy I'm a plus sized gal and I wasn't sure this would fit but miraculously it did!	review_date"
"This is a really cute piece. The stretchability is amazing.	review_date"
"Wife says comfortable	 I like view	review_date"
"Got this for my friend she loves it said it fits comfortable and looks well made and  came packaged well	review_date"
"Perfect for the whore who is more important than providing for my children or paying the mortgage.	review_date"
"It's very stretchy and cute the downside is the straps were broken.	review_date"
"Awesome products	review_date"
"I like the color of this piece	 I got the teal and it looks just as shown here. It鈥檚 sexy and fun. I got the 4xl	 as this is a China made item with smaller sizes. That seems to fit me perfectly. I was going to get the 3x but that would have been too small. Many times I wear an l or xl shirt in women but my pants are size 18	 if that helps. Also it doesn鈥檛 stretch around the breast area but it does have the different clasp to adjust the size around your breastbone. Overall	 not bad for the price!	review_date"
"The price is the best part of this and it's cute but the underwear size does not match the top. The top half is really cute but I do admit that the halter part of the top pulls down on my neck. I'm a 38D weighing around 210lbs and I ordered an XL for reference. The underwear is not designed for girls with a lot of curves. They're made with this thick elastic that doesn't stretch very much so when I put them on it made my \lovehandles\"" muffin top out. I felt sexy in the top but immediately lost the feeling when I put the bottom on. I found a pair of lace underwear that matches so I'm overall happy with the purchase.""	review_date"
"I absolutely love the bust lace and how it clips around the neck. Super sexy. I ordered a 2x large for my 260lb body and it fit my B cup breast perfectly but the band around the ribs was tight. I could of made it work	 but I want to be comfortable. A little worried the next size up wont fit my breasts as good but we'll see. I'm currently returning and quickly ordered a 3x large with 2 day delivery (hoping to get it before our 3yr Anniversary!) I'll update when the new size is delivered!	review_date"
"I couldn鈥檛 even put this thing on ... I鈥檓 a size 22 \u0026 it was way too small! Returning not true to size at all!	review_date"
"It is a surprise gift for her birthday.  she love it and I got 鈥榳ow鈥?which is very sexy.	review_date"
"Waaaaaayyyyy undersized. Do not buy if you want to avoid your wife who normally wears L-XL not being able to fit into something labeled 2x.	review_date"
"I love the color and the idea. I got a 2x and it would fit a normal 2x person I am just very busty and would cause me I a lot of neck pain. Other then that the quality was good and well done. I am actually sad it didn't fit because I really did like it.	review_date"
"The 4XL fits a 44 c/d bra size. Panties are cut a bit bigger but you gotta have good hips to pull off the criss cross effect of strapy panties. Cute outfit	 if a bit small cut.	review_date"
"Color just like i like fits perfect cnt wait to show it off to my honey	review_date"
"Chest down it fits perfectly. Too tight in breast and narrow material. The collar doesnt fasten.	review_date"
"Do size up 2 sizes. Also inspect the seams. Mine had a hole	review_date"
"I expected this to be tight in the chest area as I'm a 44h but it still looks good. Can't wait to wear it for friends. The underwear is sexy as well. Can definitely use it separately.	review_date"
"Cute	 but style wasn鈥檛 for me	review_date"
"To small no strech in it  so ut has to be a perfect fit  to wear there in no room for play its no good if you have a big chest it doesn't  get full coverage there is aldo some imperfections  on it... Other then that its pretty	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Was not a fan of how small it fit around the band. Perfect for my Actual breasts	 just not the band.	review_date"
"Perfect color	review_date"
"Definitely not for big breasted women! Ladies this will destroy your neck so please don't let it fool you :( super cute idea but with the weight of my breasts it was really painful	review_date"
"It fit perfectly 	 but felt like it was too tight around my neck.	review_date"
"Cute nice material. But I usually wear XL and I ordered an XXL because it said it ran small and it was still pretty tight around my chest.	review_date"
"very pretty and the material is really soft. It is comfortable to wear and of course makes you feel sexy	review_date"
"For being plus size you would think this would be a little stretchy. It wasn鈥檛 at all couldn鈥檛 even wear it.	review_date"
"Bought it for as a surprise for our 5th year anniversary	 he loved it!Might order in a different color	 fits as expected and the color is as shown in the picture. Thank you	review_date"
"Loved it	 so did hubby.	review_date"
"So sexy	 got so many compliments.	review_date"
"Run a littler bit small	review_date"
"Excellent quality	 but size runs smaller than expected.	review_date"
"Good material but small. One size bigger would鈥檝e been fine.	review_date"
"Very poor quality runs v ery small	review_date"
"Love	review_date"
"I am so picky when it comes to lingerie. I feel like it is very hard to order lingerie online	 you never know what quality the lingerie is until you receive it. More times than not I get it and it鈥檚 cheap and tacky. This lingerie is definitely not cheap and tacky. I am so happy with this purchase. The quality is close to Victoria鈥檚 Secret. Comfortable and soft. The lace roses look so amazing. Would definitely recommend.	review_date"
"I wear an XL/1X. We order a 1X first and I gave it to my friend who wears a US size 9/10	 it was too small	 even for her. We reordered a size 5X	 still too small for me. I am not a huge person. Yes	 I can shop in the plus-size section	 but also in the regular section wearing an XL.	review_date"
"If your Harte chested then you may need to wear a bra there is no support. Sadly my boobs are saggy after having three babies so I鈥檒l need to wear a bra. I hope I鈥檒l be able to wear it. Feeling discouraged.  I鈥檇 suggest if your a big girl with large Breast don鈥檛 order online. It鈥檚 cute though. To embarrassed to take pics	review_date"
"Looks nothing like the picture does not hold you up at all.	review_date"
"I wear L/XL.  Based on the reviews	 I went and ordered a 3XL.  I figured ordering really big is better than getting it and its super small.  Well.... That didn't work.  The underwear didn't even cover the front..if you know what I mean.  Its cheap and not that great.  I wouldn't recommend.	review_date"
"The color is BRIGHT and flashy	 the material is soft and stretchy.	review_date"
"Fits great	review_date"
"wife loved but she didn't let me see  gone to get to see it on her later on	review_date"
"My wife is small on top and a little big on the bottom. This fit suprisingly well. We both love it. She look amazing in it.	review_date"
"Can't wait to wear this on my honeymoon.	review_date"
"The underwear that came with it are way to small	 meaning they aren鈥檛 like the ones shown in the picture (I ordered the light green) and the lingerie itself is all the way open in the front	 it isn鈥檛 just a little open like it鈥檚 supposed to be.  I鈥檓 highly upset because I was going to do something special for my boyfriend for Valentine鈥檚 Day	 but can鈥檛 anymore.	review_date"
"This is perfect for a wedding night	review_date"
"It fits great and hubby loves it!	review_date"
"Very sexy and pretty	review_date"
"The sizing was awful. I liked the idea of this product	 but it just didn't fit	  nor did anything to enhance my body.	review_date"
"Love the feel !!!!	review_date"
"I also have it in black. Really like it!	review_date"
"ESTA MUY BONITO  ME QKEDO PERFECTO SOLO QKE DE LAS BOOBS ESTA AGUADOLO ENCANGE EN AZUL PORQKE A MI HUSBAND AMA EL AZUL SI TAN SOLO LE GUSTARA EL ROJO馃槏馃槏 TENDRE QKE ENCARGAR OTRO EN ROJO鉂わ笍鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Fits amazingly. Very comfortable and pretty.	review_date"
"Product size runs very small... disappointed.	review_date"
"Fit my wife perfect and is cute	review_date"
"Fits perfect! Looks sexy! Definitely does the job	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"Very good material. My wife loves the price	review_date"
"Runs small	review_date"
"Cute product	 but the XL  does not compare to a 14-16 as the chart states at all.	review_date"
"Very beautiful and fit great	review_date"
"If you鈥檙e big chested	 I wouldn鈥檛 recommend this. The bottom is TINY. And it鈥檚 cheap material.	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"It fits perfectly! Ordered for vday he's gonna love it as much as I do	review_date"
"Smoking Hot	 looked great on her!!!	review_date"
"Still looks good!	review_date"
"Love it! Very flattering!	review_date"
"I bought this to wear for valentines day.I purchased an XXL and it fits well but I normally wear a US womens large so I feel this does run small! I am 5'8\ and 160lbs 38B	 if that helps you pick your size!""	review_date"
"I absolutely love this.I have a large chest  (38DDD)	 and it fits perfectly. If you're not perky	 this isn't going to do any lifting for you	 but you can tie and adjust the bow as needed.Very cute and flattering.It does run a bit small	 so don't be afraid to order up.	review_date"
"Holy cow the good reviews are correct! This little number is so soft and comfy it blew me away. Material feels like quality and I could easily get it off an on. Back has an adjustable bra strap hook. Straps on shoulders are adjustable	 and the satin ribbon is extremely comfy and sexy. It feels like a well designed adjustable bra. I kinda wish all the lingerie had this adjustable option for your chest. It makes your boobs look amazing no matter what your size. Depending on how much you tighten the bow	 your cleavage adjusts as well. It鈥檚 pretty fun to wear. My husbands going to loose his mind when he sees this. This would be adorable to save for a birthday or Christmas or valentines. Worth every penny to me.	review_date"
"I bought this to wear on Valentine鈥檚 Day! My boyfriend loved it!! I got a size small and usually I wear a size two or four. I鈥檓 size 4 at express for example. I felt like it was a little too big... it could be a little smaller and it would be sexier. Specially the bottom. We loved it anyway.	review_date"
"panties were ridiculously tiny. top was way short and barely covers the tummy. ribbon was pretty	 and nice and long and had little loops to keep them in place	 however the ribbon was too narrow to cover and hold but I bet a smaller gal would look very nice in this particular get-up. pretty good quality	 just all around too small.	review_date"
"Bomb asf and comfortable	review_date"
"LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! It fit perfect! For plus size girls - lingerie that you feel comfortable in is hard to find and for the price and quality it鈥檚 perfect	review_date"
"I was hesitant to purchase at fisrt	 because I have bought quite a few lingerie on here  and they were so small in size	 I literally had to through them away. But	 I really wanted something beautiful to end Valentines night in.. And I'm so happy I did!! It just DIDN'T fit right	 It was so beautiful. My husband loved it on me..	review_date"
"I went by the reviews that this piece ran a bit small especially for larger breast sizes. I鈥檓 usually 14/16 and a 36DD. Based on other reviews I ordered the XXL. I feel like it fit a bit bigger then expected	 I probably could have gone with just an XL. But I sinched the straps all the way and it worked great. He thought it was super cute	 so that鈥檚 all that matters. The ribbon is cute	 but don鈥檛 expect it to support your boobs at all. It鈥檚 basically just like a cute way to cover your nips. Lol. I loved wearing it	 and for the price how can you go wrong.	review_date"
"This is a very cute lingerie piece that I bought for my boyfriend's birthday. He really liked it	 but I did notice that for a girl with tiny boobs	 tying the bow tight enough so the material doesn't slide right off your boobs when you lift your arms was a little troublesome. I did purchase a small	 but that did not really impact the boob area with the bow. However	 I am still satisfied with my purchase	review_date"
"I listened to prior reviews about sizing and I wish I didn鈥檛. This lingerie runs true to size- NOT small. The G string definitely does it鈥檚 job (doesn鈥檛 cover much) and the top it cute. The bow isn鈥檛 as I expected- it isn鈥檛 that thick so it doesn鈥檛 cover much	 especially for bigger girls. My boyfriend loved it more than I did so I guess it was worth it. The material is nice and soft	 seems of good quality	 better than what I expected for the price.	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 recommend for big breasted woman like myself 40DD . the bow doesn鈥檛 support you and doesn鈥檛 stay tied. But everywhere else did fit it鈥檚 a little shorter then shown in pictures. Thong is low quality but it does its job. Husband liked it.	review_date"
"Very lovely piece and perfect for Valentine's day but had to send my back because it had no support what so ever	review_date"
"I really love this! It's incredibly flattering and sexy. I would have given it 5 stars....BUT.... I actually didn't receive the first time I ordered	 I have tried to order for Valentine's Day and it was expected to arrive well before hand. However	 it went from supposed to arrive a week before Valentine's Day two arriving the day before Valentine's Day and finally it was said it would arrive 2 days after Valentine's Day. :-( so I cancelled the order. I really like the design and ordered again so I can have it for my anniversary. It arrived when I was supposed to and both my husband and I LOVE IT!!!! Overall I am very happy with my purchase	review_date"
"First of all top is true TRUE TO SIZE	 bottom is probably 3 sizes smaller. I am 5'7	 140lbs	 34D	 curvy body shape	 typically wear M in VS thongs. Even though I am a small on top I decided to go with a Medium after reading all of the reviews. Medium worked	 but it was definitely big and I had to wear it on the smallest strap hooks. Medium was still short for my height	 ended right below my hips. Bottoms were a joke	 felt like size XXS but I wore something else to work with it. Suggestion is to go with your true size for top	 because the bottoms most likely won't fit anyways. The overall outfit doesn't look cheap	 it actually looked cute on. The ribbon doesn't look cheap and if you tie correctly it will stay on and hide just enough. Fabric was soft	 no snagging.  Super cute with the straps	 which are also adjustable. I wore this on Valentines day and had it on for about 3 hours. My boyfriend loved the bow part	 so I kept the outfit on throughout the fun part since once untied everything that needed to be accessible was accessible	 but when I took it off I noticed that the part that hugged me under bust TINTED MY SKIN BLACK!!! I will try to wash it to see if the dying improves	 but be aware not to wear it for too long!	review_date"
"I read other reviews and saw that it usually comes small	 I'm usually a xs	 this item was way loose on my body	 had to tighten the straps all the way and even then it fits me really loosely	 on top of that the material is super strechy	 I'm 5'2\ 	I weigh about 120  I'd say keep true to whatever size you use	 I know I wish I had	 maybe it's designed for taller bigger girls.That being said	 if you are looking for cute rather than sexy definitely this is your item.""	review_date"
"I am 5鈥?鈥?140lb I wear a USA 12-14 L or XL I got a XXL and it is still to small. One would think if Asians want to sell in the US market that they would make USA sizes. BEWARE	review_date"
"I like the overall concept but I wasn鈥檛 thrilled with how long it took to get the bow to sit just right and although my bf loved it	 I don鈥檛 look forward to using it again. And I have 36c boobs weigh 125....would be nice if bow came pre-tied. Otherwise it still worked	review_date"
"Sized up and I'm glad I did! I was very happy with the quality of this and it fit good and is flattering. No support for your girls and if your big chested like me	 you just deal with it! Even still	 it looks and feels great on!	review_date"
"The torso fabric doesn't fall as low as I had hoped. I ordered a medium and otherwise	 it fits well. It has two little loops to keep the ribbon in place which I thought was clever design. My boyfriend is a fan of the combo. The thong fit well too	 which is a miracle coming from a girl with very real hips.	review_date"
"Cheaply made	 the front part where the red ribbon is at didn鈥檛 hold up my boobs at all and the material of the lingerie was crap. I'm not picky trust me but this is beyond cheapThe red ribbon reminded me of 99 cent store ribbon that they sell to wrap presents	 thin and cheap.save your money	 buy somewhere else.	review_date"
"Always a little nerve-wracking to buy clothes online but was happy with how this fit (top part) The bottoms were a bit small (coverage) so have picked up something else for that part.  The bow is a cute touch and does well to cover allowing you to feel sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"OMG I absolutely love this little set.....so does my husband. Left him speechless and me feeling like a queen. It's very comfortable to wear. Love the color and the intricate design on the top. Really a beautiful set.	review_date"
"My husband bought this for me	 or was it a present for him"
"It's okay. My husband liked it. I had a hard time getting the bow to tie. I think the loop in the center is supposed to be used for the bow? He liked it	 that's the most important. The thing was low quality.	review_date"
"The bow sure doesn't fit across the bust like the photograph.But the quality is good	 the material is well stitched and the clasp on the back of the open bra is quite industrial.	review_date"
"The bottoms are just way too small	 couldn鈥檛 even use them and I am a size 6 and bought a medium...glad I had other options I could pair with itTop was cute and fit wellMy husband loved it	review_date"
"Shipping was late. I got it a week later than expected. Sizing was good though. I鈥檓 a size 12 and a 36DD. I bought an XL and it fit fine. I鈥檓 a true L normally and a L would have worked for me too.	review_date"
"Love that it fits well. Very sexy babydoll and really comfortable. Took a little while to get the bow tied right.	review_date"
"Not complicated to put on..... the hubby certainly gave it 5/5 stars! And that鈥檚 what matters most 馃槀 very flattering	 we both love it!	review_date"
"I love everything about this! I read the reviews and asked my own questions. The feedback I got helped me to order the correct size. I can鈥檛 wait to wear this! I am not a fan of the undies provided but that鈥檚 okay	 I have a pair of my own that match perfectly. The bow is a little hard to master as it doesn鈥檛 come pre-tied but I have almost figured it out. :) I highly recommend this nighty.	review_date"
"I like the design of the dress	 it's a little too short and I hate the bow... I was expecting the bow to be tied and pretty	 but it's not it's a ribbon and nothing on the sides to keep it up so its droopy. If you cant tie a proper bow maybe go onto the next one. I like that my husband can unwrap it though. Good concept	 execution needs work.	review_date"
"I followed the sizing chart and it ended up way too large. I would just follow what your size normally is. But the product was great and everything I was looking for	review_date"
"Excellent quality! Looks expensive. Very flattering! Love the bow! Really Iove everything about this outfit. It is also comfortable. True to size.	review_date"
"Perfect! Beautiful and simple! The only thing that was slightly needing improvement would be that the place where the strings meet on the thong moves a lot	 making it a little confusing	review_date"
"My favorite kinds of lingerie are the types that allow easy access to the breasts and this one does that and then some.	review_date"
"Went over VERY well. The ribbon was fun to untie!! Fit very comfortably.	review_date"
"Super cheap quality. You have to string on the bow and there鈥檚 nothing to keep the bow up on top of your boobs. Just slips up or down unless you tie it so tight that you have 3 boobs on each side of your body. Very unattractive. Got this in hopes to surprise my hunny for vday but definitely won鈥檛 be doing that in this! Sad. It looked so cute	review_date"
"This lingerie was flattering on my body and surprisingly comfortable. Soft material.	review_date"
"husband loved it but you do have to practice making the bow look right	review_date"
"Very sexy and actually comfortable. I wear a size 8 pant and have 36DDs and ordered the large. My husband loved it!	review_date"
"Looks exactly like the picture and it is a nice quality. I got a size large because I am 5鈥? and I weigh 185. It fitted perfectly! My boyfriend loved it! If your boobs aren鈥檛 perky	 it is okay. Just let that nipple fly.	review_date"
"The bow doesn't work well for bigger breasts. It just looked awkward.	review_date"
"Super cute super soft I love it! I'm normally a xl  5'3 220lbs I'm very happy with this I have a 38DD and it works great! My only issue is it's a but short for my liking but the man loves it!	review_date"
"Anniversary gift for my husband..I mean I was the gift...I could tell he loved it.	review_date"
"Perfect!  Looks and fits as expected	review_date"
"Comfortable and fit perfect	review_date"
"Fits absolutely perfect. Looks really pretty and a great price.	review_date"
"Too big base on size chart	review_date"
"My wife loved it. Fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Fit well	 good material. Super cute	review_date"
"I was actually really surprised by how much I like this. I have a large chest	 and it doesn鈥檛 give a lot of support	 so I wear a shelf bra underneath \u0026 it looks great	review_date"
"Perfect fit.	review_date"
"A lot shorter than I expected. But good product.	review_date"
"Love it!! It fit and looked perfect! Just as expected. I am 5ft 180lbs with a DD cup. I got the recommended size of xxl and it fit perfectly!! Granted you have to do a bit of adjusting with the girls when doing the bow but it did flatter my chest nicely. I love it and so did he. Would absolutely recommend it!	review_date"
"Super cute!	review_date"
"It was beautiful and looked great on.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Is not for large tits	 they might as well get rid of all the large sizes and only sale to the itty bitty titty committee.	review_date"
"Went a size up as recommended and fits perfect.  The top part is super sexy and nice material.  Very satisfied.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Nice	 but if you are big chested	 you should buy a shelf/open cup/or get creative with an old one to have that perky boob effect. I thought it had an underwire but no. But still is very sexy.	review_date"
"I was skeptical about buying this one because I didnt think it would look like the picture	 but it does. It is perfect. The bow feels loose sometime	 but overall it's great.	review_date"
"My favorite outfit so far! Love love love it!!	review_date"
"The gstring is the smallest I have ever seen and the ribbon on top is much skinnier than expected. It isn't enough to hold the girls. I could make it work but it would be more comical than sexy.	review_date"
"I love it! I'm 5'7\ and 235 pounds. I wear a size 16 jean and xl shirt. I ordered a 3x and the bottoms were slightly large but I am extremely satisfied.""	review_date"
"This is the cutest	 softest little nightie! It fit perfectly to size! For the price I was expecting the fabric to be a little rough	 but I was pleasantly surprised and I will be buying from this seller again!	review_date"
"The bow was too floppy	review_date"
"Bow is weird to tie	 but hubby loves it anyways.	review_date"
"Super cute and sexy!! It fit great and was very soft	review_date"
"If your small breast then I don鈥檛 see any issue. The material is good quality but I absolutely hated it 	didn鈥檛 support me at all also I ordered 1 size to big and it was super short and I鈥檓 already super short.	review_date"
"Fit well and was just like it appeared in the picture	review_date"
"Fit perfectly and he loved it!	review_date"
"Nice product.	review_date"
"Order size up. It looks great though. Can't wait to show my husband.	review_date"
"It's nice if you have a larger size boob.... I ordered a small and it was still a little big....	review_date"
"Ok	review_date"
"love this ....its very sexy and the material is nice and soft.hangs on your body nicely. perfect Christmas gift for your man.	review_date"
"Love this and hubby love it too! Super stretchy! I got an XL and I鈥檓 4鈥?1 190 and 36DDD. This fit great!	review_date"
"The bow should be tied all the time in my opinion. Otherwise love it-it鈥檚 perfect	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved this!  Fun to wear	 get a different g-string to go with it	 though.	review_date"
"Great quality product and fitted as expected	review_date"
"Husband was pleased with his Christmas present. It fit perfect	 even came with a pair of underwear	review_date"
"I ordered a small and I am 5' and 145lbs. It looked amazing and the reaction I got from my boyfriend was priceless. Worth the money 100%	 I absolutely loved it	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"My husband  was very happy :  )	review_date"
"Super nice!	review_date"
"It came with one of the straps not sewn on. But over all it fit nicely and looks good.	review_date"
"I love this and so did my husband for Christmas! Fit great and is quite comfortable!	review_date"
"I like this but I have a hard time tying it to look like the photo!	review_date"
"we both loved me in this.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"Surprisingly fit well. I'm a size 24	 D cup	 and I ordered the 3X with no issues.	review_date"
"Loved this teddy! Material is soft and sexy! Makes breasts and body look amazing! You will both enjoy this purchase!	review_date"
"Fabulous ..... so sexy ....fit great ( after you figure out the bow)  hubby loved it!!	review_date"
"This was the best gift I could ever give my girlfriend . She absolutely loved it . The fit was perfect as well	 and very very easy to put on .	review_date"
"Fit good I got an xl and fit perfect. I am 5鈥? weight 200.	review_date"
"Looks great and is very sexy.	review_date"
"I'm 5 foot tall 235 pounds I ordered size is small and it fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Fits Great would if my boobies didn鈥檛 sag lmaooooooo	review_date"
"Nothing like pictured.	review_date"
"I ordered an extra large this was smaller than I expected. It did fit it wasn鈥檛 too small or anything I just expected it to be longer.	review_date"
"The item had a tear in the black fabric. So disappointing :(	review_date"
"I LOVE it!  Very cute!  Fits good and very comfortable.	review_date"
"This was wayy too small! I am so disappointed!	review_date"
"Loved the top	 wish I could have gotten it without the thong. Thing wasn't really my style	review_date"
"PerePerfect	review_date"
"Great fit!	review_date"
"Hubby loves the surprise of it!!!	review_date"
"Thank you  my girlfriend loves it	review_date"
"Fit well	 straps we're not adjustable though.	review_date"
"Great quality...super cute	review_date"
"My Wife loved it!! I love the way it fits!!	review_date"
"Fits great! But tieing the bow is tricky	review_date"
"Looks great. But have try it yet	review_date"
"Very cute	 but it came broken.	review_date"
"Husband loved unwrapping his gift!	review_date"
"Not long enough	review_date"
"This is very good 	 I love itThank you	review_date"
"馃憤馃徎	review_date"
"Best present to unwrap.	review_date"
"My boyfriend loved his early valentines present \u0026 it was decent quality.	review_date"
"Wife looks great in it!	review_date"
"Love this! I am a DD and this supports me more than expected	 not a ton of support but looks great. Excited to wear it for my Husband.	review_date"
"Super cute and comfortable!	review_date"
"very comfortable! nice style too!	review_date"
"The bow was a bit difficult to figure out how to tie	 and the ribbon tended to slip. But my boyfriend loved it! The top is amazing	 but the thong isn鈥檛 as good of quality.	review_date"
"This is Sexxxy! But the ribbon does not carry the breast as expected. Maybe mine are too big. A C cup. I bought a Med and have lots of space. The teddy itself has lots of stretch. But me and my Man love this set. Great deal for the price.	review_date"
"Have no worries this teddy is ADORABLE. It's super comfy and sexy. I can't wait to surprise my guy on Valentines Day 馃槒 The only thing I didn't really care for was the thong but that's fine. Also it fits a big on me but it's hardly noticeable  (I got a Large and I'm 5'1\ 145lbs and 36D I could have gotten away with a Medium).""	review_date"
"I'm Sorry I just posted that the panties was not in package. But they had fell out when I opened package. Found them! love IT!	review_date"
"Fit as expected and looked do flattering on my stomach.	review_date"
"this was perfect! i have small boobs	 A cup on a bad day	 B cup on a good day	 and i was worried about how this would look on me. It actually made my boobs look a little bigger... bonus!! I bought this for valentines day	 and will definitely be using it more. im 5'8 and 130	 and it fit amazingly.	review_date"
"Loved it	 definitly will order more from this company	review_date"
"Hubby and I both loved it! However the fit was a bit small it did not flare like the picture.	review_date"
"My husband was wow we'd! I loved it too	 and I felt good and sexy in it	 which is very difficult to pull off for me to like it	 being a full figured woman that I am!	review_date"
"so  cute!	review_date"
"Really loved this outfit. Fit well and great quality.	review_date"
"Quality \u0026 Price! Something different. :)	review_date"
"Some complain about the ribbon not keepin the titties tied together but I've had no issues. I'm also not running a marathon or jumping up and down after tying it up. Your man or woman will love this piece though	 I promise.	review_date"
"SO cute and fun. Love it! Made well and structured for a \larger top\""""	review_date"
"SEXY! My husband and I enjoyed ourselves!	review_date"
"Nice product.  Well made and is as described.	review_date"
"It shrunk after I washed it . I throw it in garbage	review_date"
"Very flattering! The thong is a bit weird since it adjusts to size and then gets all lop sided.. but the top is amazing and I do not regret the purchase!	review_date"
"Comfortable and it fit just right. Very sexy!	review_date"
"Fits cute! I like it a lot!	review_date"
"I love it	review_date"
"I love it - my husband loves it.	review_date"
"I bought this to surprise my bf for Christmas as a gift but ended up disappointed. I'm 5'11 and this is basically a sexy shirt. It does not go down past my hip bones so tall girls beware. If you are under 5'5 however it should fit just fine	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥? but the top (size S) is not too long. Everything fit nicely and the loops to hold the bow are great! It鈥檚 sexy and cute!Wore it for my boyfriend and he loooved it.Very happy with this purchase 馃ぉ馃ぉ	review_date"
"adorable and fits true to the size ordered.	review_date"
"Looks great exactly how it is in photo fits great also. Delivered right when it was said to be	review_date"
"Ordered this for my boudoir shoot! It fit as expected and was good quality! The color is vibrant and beautiful.	review_date"
"Great quality	 sexy style. True to size. Better support than I thought it would have. WORTH IT. DON'T LET THIS ONE LADY WHO WAS STUPID ENOUGH TO GIVE IT TWO STARS BECAUSE HER MAN RIPPED IT OFF HER RUIN YOUR WELL MADE DECISION. I worked in the fashion industry. The panties and top are top notch quality. Some of the best and the strongest I've ever bought on Amazon (and I've bought a lot).	review_date"
"It was big on me but it鈥檚 very pretty and for the price I guess it鈥檚 perfect. I used it for a shoot. I鈥檓 very petite  5鈥?-110lbs and I wore a bra underneath for the photo shoot.  The strap broke hence the 4 stars. In summary it鈥檚 pretty but was too big on me.	review_date"
"I never order lingerie online	 but I鈥檓 obsessed with this!! 馃槏 I ordered this for an upcoming boudoir photoshoot	 and it shipped super quick! It鈥檚 SO flattering	 sexy	 and it鈥檚 a stretchy lace so it鈥檚 super comfortable on. Highly	 highly recommend this set! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 140 lbs	 and I ordered a medium and so happy with this purchase! I want another color!	review_date"
"If you have larger breasts and a narrow rib cage	 this might not work for you. I normally wear an XL / 16 / 32DDD in US women's sizes. Based on other reviews	 I ordered the Large and it was both too big AND too small. The band was too loose	 and the cups were WAY too small. My boob was squishing out on all sides	 including the bottom because it was too loose. The panties fit as expected and worked quite nicely.That said	 this set is made with sturdy construction and it's BEAUTIFUL. If you have a normal sized rib cage and less plentiful boobage	 definitely get it.	review_date"
"Leaves just enough to the imagination.... WAY softer than I expected it to be from how sheer it is	 really feels very nice against the skin (for however long you wear it....)	review_date"
"I love it! Sexy and stylish. You're sure to love the look and feel of this number.	review_date"
"A little big but pretty	review_date"
"I ordered a Large	 but I'm typically an X-large. I sized down because people said the material was stretchy	 which it is. My problems were the straps being too STRECTHY and the fabric of the panties. The panties roll down with vigorous movement	 due to sizing. I would've gotten the X-large but fixed the straps to my liking (probably sewing the straps down across the back or neck area). I chose the red color. Very pretty color choice for me	 just wrong sizing.	review_date"
"The deep plunge line and lace design is the best.  Boyfriend loves!  Now for the price	 the quality of the fabric	 I can work with.  Meaning....you will HAVE to wash in a lingerie bag or hand wash ONLY and line dry.  I'm okay with that.	review_date"
"Omg I love this set!! It鈥檚 so sexy on .. and the fit is amazing. Very comfortable. Im so excited 馃槅 Thank you 馃檹馃徏	review_date"
"I love this set! It鈥檚 sexy	 cute	 classy	 \u0026 comfortable. It doesn鈥檛 roll like other brands do	 which can be annoying. It also didn鈥檛 create the muffin top that I鈥檝e experienced with most other brands.	review_date"
"Not like the picture. The only way this bra looks good is if you have fake breasts  or teenage breasts . 馃槀 it can鈥檛 tighten so your breast hang and pull the loose bra with them 馃槀	review_date"
"Looked great on my wife. She is 5'3 145lbs. 36C.	review_date"
"Surprisingly fits very well after taking size suggestions into consideration (thanks ladies!). Looks as cute as in the picture	 material is soft. No complaints.	review_date"
"I love this bra! So comfortable and supportive	 just what I wanted. You will love this bra!	review_date"
"Extremely soft!  Obviously the bra does not provide much support but it鈥檚 nice to find something that is pretty and sexy and is actually comfortable.	review_date"
"Beautiful. I love how feminine it is.	review_date"
"This is very nice it was also very comfortable really like the lace pattern. Mine is a medium. I'm 120 lbs.	review_date"
"this is an okay product	 it looks cute and fits well but after the first wash it gets kind of fuzzy.	review_date"
"Very pretty babydoll and my husband loved it!	review_date"
"I liked the overall fit of this set but the issue is that the underwear is completely made out of lace and has no solid cotton insert for the groin area so if you wear it expect to get lace all up in your lady parts (which is not the most comfortable thing). Will keep the top for a bralette but definitely won鈥檛 wear the bottoms.	review_date"
"Love love this!! I'm a big girl and most things dont fit quite right but this fits perfectly and is so flattering!	review_date"
"Order according to size guide very nice	review_date"
"Nice buy. Looks great on.	review_date"
"Comfortable and fits well.	review_date"
"Worked as advertized	review_date"
"I first bought large	 too big. I usually wear medium fits perfectly	review_date"
"Super super soft! Loved the cut and material. However	 I鈥檝e got c cup boobs and they kinda tended to slip into the middle and out of the bra. Also after only a day of wearing the underwear	 the whole stitching on the back came undone	 which sucks cause I lovedddd the bottoms!	review_date"
"Great for a romantic night	review_date"
"cute and comfy	review_date"
"Nice	review_date"
"i got the small one but it runs way big lol	review_date"
"Good	review_date"
"So so soft and comfortable. Fits perfectly.	review_date"
"Sexy feel and shape.  Holds up decent with first washes.  Band on top is a bit tight for size.	review_date"
"It came opened in the plastic package and the lace of panties was ripped throughout. And it was HUGE. But mostly I spent $ on something that came in shreds. Disappointed.	review_date"
"Nice piece.I鈥檓 usually a size 34C and it fit great. Lace is soft and gentle.Have not washed it yet	 but it seems like it would hold up okay on a gentle wash cycle and hanging to dry	review_date"
"fit as expected and is really sexy!!	review_date"
"I ordered this in a XL thinking it would not fit right ans it is perfect!!! Great quality and the color is vivid!! So glad I purchase this set instead of going to	review_date"
"the look	review_date"
"Fit great and surprisingly comfortable!	review_date"
"Perfect fit and my girlfriend loves the way it feels on her body!	review_date"
"I want every color! Fits so perfectly. Flattering and sexy not to mention extremely comfy	review_date"
"Nice quality but larger than expected. Wish I had sized down.	review_date"
"Just wish it was panties and not the thong	review_date"
"Super cute	 just fit bigger than expected and there isn鈥檛 much support	review_date"
"This fit perfectly !! I鈥檓 5鈥? and 140 	 purchased the medium! I鈥檓 using it for boudoir photo shoot!!	review_date"
"Wow! Soft sexy and durable. Buying more	review_date"
"Not at all red like the picture.	review_date"
"It's stretchy ane came in fast	review_date"
"This product was good quality and fit as expected	review_date"
"Small	review_date"
"My wife loves it.	review_date"
"Looks great! Fits as expected	 very classy!	review_date"
"Super itchy	review_date"
"I was very skeptical to order this as I wear a larger size. I pulled it out of the bag and it felt so soft and even more amazing on. I have a large chest and the back has an awesome closure like a bra so it can be made tighter or looser. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because in two places right under the busy and the v it鈥檚 coming apart at the seems. Since I want it to look amazing	 I figure the front is the most important place for it to be more put together and it wasn鈥檛. Also	 the slit in the front is too high...I would have liked it a little lower like it shows below the pubic area on the model. Also throw the panties out	 they鈥檙e tiny! Lol. (Really their just not my style.) I will buy another one and see how that goes. I hope it was a fluke. It鈥檚 beautiful and great feeling on!!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 soft lace and sheer mesh. I鈥檓 5 ft 6 	 200 lbs	 38/40 DD. Fit like a glove. Lovely shade of red. It鈥檚 also the perfect length	 does not drag the ground when barefoot. I don鈥檛 wear shoes at all with my lingerie	so length is important when getting long items .LOVE IT.	review_date"
"Looks beautiful didn't even try it on due to the holes that are in the seam I needed this for an event on Monday and now I'm going to have to order something else very disappointed	review_date"
"I am a plus size woman and this product is very flattering to your figure. I would give it 4 stars but mine came with a quarter size hole in the bust and I wish the panties had more coverage in the front with the g string in the back.	review_date"
"Arrives with a hole in the lace. Not a quality piece. Nothing sexy about it.	review_date"
"I loved loved the feel of this material it is very soft and was not disappointed. I am bigger so the end of the slot did not sit where I wanted it or like the picture showed but it wasn鈥檛 even a problem. The bra like clasp have a little bit of a snugger and supported feel so loved that. AND my husband loved it so yea. The only thing I didn鈥檛 like was I did fall asleep in it and the next morning found the clasp to hold the strap had broken off. So only got to wear once but SO worth it!	review_date"
"Didn't fit as said it fit sized 14 to 20 that's a lie. It's more like size 10 to 14.	review_date"
"The description says this is for plus size.  I wear an 18 and this thing is tiny.  It is NOT for plus size women.  The straps are very weak and wouldn鈥檛 hold up an a cup on a good day.  The material isn鈥檛 quality at all.  If you are a size 6 and looking for a one and done	 this may be ok	 but not worth the money otherwise.	review_date"
"Gorgeous. the only complaint I have is that one of the plastic pieces that hold the strap broke as I was carefully trying it on for the first time. need to take it to a seamstress. otherwise	 it is beautiful	review_date"
"Beautiful nighty!  My breast are too large for it and do not do it justice.  Even with adjustments to the straps	 they are too heavy.	review_date"
"I purchased this for my mom. She said it fit perfect and the red wine color was beautiful. It did not have any imperfections or holes. Well made and beautiful. I got her the plus. It fit her good. She is 5鈥?鈥?and size 14 and the size was perfect on her.	review_date"
"I love very sexy but dd come with a little wholeI ddnt careI love the way i felt sexy	review_date"
"I bought this for Valentine's Day....it is absolutely gorgeous! fits great. My hubby is gonna drop!!Delivered on time and well packaged.	review_date"
"This is super sexy and comfortable. I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and it hit right on the floor barefoot.	review_date"
"Nice quality	but too small in top.Returned without a problem.	review_date"
"I'm 5'3 and 200lbs and this outfit was not my fave. I think because I'm short it didnt look to good but I know some accessories might change that.	review_date"
"Does not look like the picture	 too long	 not very appealing	review_date"
"Fit perfectly. Good quality for the price. Looks very nice on.	review_date"
"Coloring all very nice got his attention	review_date"
"My girl friend is saving this for a special man.	review_date"
"Fits wonderfully. I鈥檓 5鈥? and 150	 DDD36! Hugged my curves perfectly \u0026 looked great on. Very sturdy material!	review_date"
"Very beautiful and sexy! I gave it one star because when I opened up the package	 it had holes near the breast area. I didn鈥檛 even get a chance to try it on.	review_date"
"Doesn鈥檛 fit right . I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and 140 lbs 	 bought the OS and the lace hardly comes down to my hips	 the skirt falls just below my knees	 not to the ground like the picture . Kind of disappointed . Was hoping to wear this for my evening with my boyfriend but it just looks too awkward and not sexy	review_date"
"I love it. I have never get good in lingerie. This makes me feel great.	review_date"
"Very sexy	review_date"
"I was very pleased with this product. Sizing was as expected and it is made very well. I purchased this product from this company because I was satisfied with a previous purchase.	review_date"
"Fits as expected and loved by the receiver. I purchased this as a bridal shower gift.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"I loved it and my husband loved it	 too! I'm full figured and it fit like a glove. I give 4 stars	 because I noticed a small tear in the seam on the bust area after wearing it the first time that I'm pretty sure wasn't there when I first put it on.	review_date"
"Love the color and fit.. Feels really good	review_date"
"Very comfy but too thin	review_date"
"Didn鈥檛 fit	review_date"
"I wear a 16+	 fits great!	review_date"
"This fits sooo well! Has a nice stretch to it and the material is nice for the price.	review_date"
"I was skeptical	 but I'm PLEASED馃挆	review_date"
"It is not as long as pictured I'm only 5'4 and it didnt reach my ankles!	review_date"
"Beautiful color	 nice fit.	review_date"
"It came ripped because the lace is so flimsy	review_date"
"Loved it fit perfect looking for more colors	review_date"
"I like this gown and the color but it arrives with 2 holes in the lace. I was very disappointed.	review_date"
"Love it	review_date"
"High quality fabric	good shoulder straps	hugs your curves	making  everything look and feel smoothe.i would love it in every color!!!	review_date"
"YES THIS PRODUCT RUNS SMALLER THAT EXPECTED	review_date"
"my husband got it for me . we both loved it . the fit was perfect . the material felt nice	review_date"
"Happy	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"It is as lacy and beautiful as I hoped and fit perfectly!	review_date"
"Was worried if it fits my waist as I鈥檓 pear shaped but it fits really well. Stretchy and sexy	review_date"
"Love this gown	 fits perfectly!	review_date"
"It fits perfectly it is very pretty I love it	review_date"
"Beautiful fit and quality for the price. Very sexy my partner loved it	review_date"
"Too small	review_date"
"except the size(it is not the plus size	i think)	rest is fine.	review_date"
"Liked the fit an flow of the item.	review_date"
"Very nice and like it to the most!	review_date"
"I purchased this for valentines day for my husband. The overall mesh dress is very sexy. The lace is not to cheap like some products that rip easily. I am a thick girl with wide hips. I wear size 2xl shirt and 18 jeans. The 3xl that I ordered was a little to small and would not fit over my hips all the way. I can pull it down but it slides right back up to right above my hips. If you wear similar size I would order a 4xl. Overall	 it serves its purpose	 just wish I ordered a size larger.	review_date"
"Purchased by M. Bishop.Fabric and quality is worth it! Very soft and fit is perfect. I am 5鈥?	 143 lbs and in shape. 36D chest and the Med. fit nicely. Not clingy at all	 with just enough flow over my hips. I ordered another one immediately upon trying this on!	review_date"
"聽This is a super comfortable	 easily worn either casual or even dressed up if you want. The design of V-neck and Floral Lace help you to show your beautiful lines	makes you more noble in the night. They are flattering	 fitted but not clingy	 nice and long (hitting the hipline). The material is soft and stretchy and beauty.I see no reason this should not receive less than five stars. It's made very well	 it's a good medium weight and very true to the size. It looks great	 and I'm very excited that my purchase from \RSLOVE\"" turned out to exceed my expectations.I like the overall design of the lace skirt on the product. Will definitely be recommending this to anyone interested. I think you will receive many compliments on it.Btw	 I know someone hate the see through materials . Don't worry about that. I like this sleepwear. It's not see through	 which is very hard to find nowadays.Sleepwear	 nightwear	 or lounge-wear. Perfect for bedroom	 bathroom	 special night	 valentine's day	 honeymoon	 or wedding night.""	review_date"
"I LOVE this! It is so so soft	 and it held up very well when I washed it. I am 5'6\ and 150 lbs and I ordered a medium after reading some other reviews. It fits well	 but I actually wish I had just gone with a small. I plan on ordering more in different colors.""	review_date"
"Great fit	 hugs where you want it to. Going to buy it in every color.  If you are top heavy  like me you will have room for the girls (if you know what I mean)	review_date"
"Cute nightgown. I must not have flipped through the photos of the nightgown because I didn't know it had that lace patch in the back. I actually hate that patch. While it looks great. It's like a massive scratchy tag that rubs against my skin. I honestly cut the patch off and reattached it.	review_date"
"My wife wears this every night before bed now.  It's comfortable	 fits well	 and breathes great.  She says it feels like being naked which helps in the summer heat 10 / 10 would recommend.  Just be sure to use the size chart.  We did and it fits perfectly	review_date"
"Lace Lingerie Sleepwear	 Attractive and sexy says the hubs. I like that the straps are adjustable. I haven't found a lot of Chemises with that. I'm size 14 I bought a XL	 Large would have worked too.	review_date"
"I only gave it a three because it arrived with cuts in the fabric. I was unable to reach the seller	 then life got in the way. I still love it! Comfy and all! Just not thrilled with the fabric arriving not as it should have.	review_date"
"The material is very soft	 and it arrived much earlier than expected.the fit was as expected. Other posts indicated the fit was smaller than expected so I ordered a size larger to compensate. Lace is very nice and the back strap works well but adjustments were made. Overall a nice garment.	review_date"
"Its really cute and comfortable	 the fabric is soft and I love the detailing on the back.	review_date"
"soft	 light and opaque fabric. i love the detail on the back and adjustable straps.	review_date"
"It fit wonderfully	 draping over my curves without showcasing any lumps and bumps.  The back detail and lace trim make you feel pretty even though the fabric is looks like cotton.  The XL fit me like the model and I'm a 14/16 with lots of T\u0026A and junk in the trunk.	review_date"
"I鈥檓 a size 6 and ordered a medium	 and it fit great. This is definitely a sexy nighty... it comes with a gstring thong... another reviewer mentioned this as a gift	 and I would say NO unless you鈥檙e going to a lingerie party!!	review_date"
"This is the second piece I own from RS LOVE. I absolutely love this nightie. It fits as expected and the material is soft and not itchy. Length is flattering and has adjustable strap in the back shoulder area to get that perfect fit.	review_date"
"I purchased this to go underneath a bridal robe on the morning of my wedding. I needed something with a lace V-neck that wasn鈥檛 bulky. I got the XL and it fits great! I鈥檓 5鈥?鈥?and it falls perfectly when I adjust the straps. It adjusts in 3 places!! Two shoulder straps and even in the back. Great selling point if you have challenges fitting things to your torso like I do.	review_date"
"This is really pretty.  The fabric is soft and comfortable.  I really love the look and feel of it.  I am happy that I got this.  I am going to wear it all the time.  I really like how it looks on me.	review_date"
"I wanted a nightgown that was cute but comfortable. It has some stretch and just enough appeal for my bf	review_date"
"SO soft. So perfect for my honeymoon and the rest of our sleeping days :) love the adjustable straps!	review_date"
"This sleepwear is very soft and comfy. I got the red color and also came with a thong. It is very flattering on my body and sexy too. Would love to purchase again in different color.	review_date"
"Very pretty	 flattering and good quality for a great price.	review_date"
"I bought a LG based on measurements and it was a little big on me	 too flowy. The adjustable straps are thin and too stretchy.I had one almost exactly like this before but it had a little built-in support for the breasts (like those camisole tops)	 so I was sort of expecting that for this one	 anyway it definitely has ZERO support for larger breasts. So don't think like me because you will be disappointed.	review_date"
"Ladies this gown is so soft! It is perfect to slip on to feel good. Just the feeling of it will make you smile. It鈥檚 also sexy and flattering .	review_date"
"This lingerie set is very comfortable.  I am short and this is still a very nice fit. I love the way the back looks too!	review_date"
"Went great under my white dress. Fits to size	review_date"
"Love this night gown. It's sexy and comfortable.	review_date"
"Super soft and comfy. The detailing on the back is so pretty.  Better than I thought it would be.	review_date"
"Soft and has a great fit. Will order again in a different color.	review_date"
"Very cute	 it looks fantastic and the gf loved this.	review_date"
"Love this.  Soft and comfy.	review_date"
"Good piece in wardrobe	review_date"
"Very comfortable and cute	review_date"
"Nice and comfy	review_date"
"Very soft to the body. loved it!	review_date"
"For the wife. Looks Great	review_date"
"Cozy and light. It is perfect for gals who find other sleepwear too hot. And it still looks pretty.	review_date"
"So pretty	review_date"
"Perfect fit. Super soft	 gorgeous lace	 affordable!! Highly recommend 鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Not as long as it looks in the photo and a little thin. Came with a surprise pair of uhm....dental floss? (I'm assuming some would call it a thong)	review_date"
"Very comfortable	 fits great	 soft fabric	 attractive	review_date"
"This is an absolutely sexy nighty!! It fits perfect too! I got a large and I am 5' 5\ 160 lbs.""	review_date"
"Very nice	review_date"
"LOVE this product. It is soft	 sexy and fits perfectly. I am picky about how nighties fit and this went beyond my expectations. I would buy more if it came in other colors.	review_date"
"This is a perfect combo of sexy and comfy.  We will be in Positano for our honeymoon	 this is the perfect little nightgown for hanging on the balcony and in our room. I ordered a small. I'm 5'4\	 34b	 130lbs and it fits great!""	review_date"
"This chemise is not only super sexy	 but it is super comfortable.	review_date"
"Very comfortable and attractive chemise. My husband approved.  馃槈	review_date"
"Fabric is a little thin but very soft.  Racer back!  The thong was just trash	 very thin and cheaply made.	review_date"
"Love it!	review_date"
"Very comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"Very comfortable	review_date"
"Super soft	 great material and fits very well!	review_date"
"I love this nighty! Very soft and not overly revealing so I can wear any night	review_date"
"Ordered S came is looks like xxxl had to ship back	review_date"
"Comfortable	review_date"
"Perfect	review_date"
"Love this! It looks just like in the picture and it is SO soft. Can't wait to use for buduoir photos for the soon to be hubby	review_date"
"crazy soft	 super stretchy \u0026 yet totally sexy! great price too!	review_date"
"It's very cute and comfortable. Husband loves it on me.	review_date"
"Cute and comfy	review_date"
"Very soft and well made..	review_date"
"So comfy and cute	review_date"
"this is soft	 sexy	 and great quality!	review_date"
"I received this faster than I expected.. It fit great!	review_date"
"Super cute and comfy. Can鈥檛 beat the price	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"Absolutely loved this!! So comfy and sexy	review_date"
"It is soft like cotton.	review_date"
"Very nice. Classy but just a little bit sexy.	review_date"
"Looks great feels great!	review_date"
"Very soft and comfortable!	review_date"
"Oh my goodness this material is so incredibly soft. I need to buy more colors. It looks nice on but what鈥檚 important here is the comfort and man is it comfortable. Love it. Absolutely love it.	review_date"
"I am really in love with this lingerie. The fabric is so soft that it will be comfortable to wear every night and the fit flattering enough for special occasions and to use as a slip/chemise. I was uncertain if it would be Asian sized and truly fit a plus size. I am a size16/18 and bought the XX large. The cut is flattering and the sizing fit perfect! It even came with matching underwear. The seller included a discount code for future purchases. I am definitely going to be buying it in the other colors! A great gift idea!	review_date"
"As soon as I opened the package and reached in to pull it out. I felt the material and said	 Oh wow! This is really good quality material. Was not expecting such nice material at this price point! Fits perfect and is true to size. It also has adjustable straps. Very pleased with this product and will definitely order from this company.They also included a little card with my order offering a discount on my next purchase. Thought that was a nice touch.	review_date"
"I love this!!! It doesn鈥檛 squeeze and cause you to look like a busted can of biscuits and the material is so soft. It doesn鈥檛 offer much support but since I have implants that doesn鈥檛 matter to me. My husband loves the way the straps above the breasts look. It was a complete success!! I highly recommend this brand!!!! I鈥檓 5鈥?	 135 pounds.	review_date"
"Looked beautiful on the woman/model that wore it	 during our photo session. Photo is attached. I would purchase it again	 in a different color.	review_date"
"Ive ordered from AVID Love before and just ordered the size I usually got	 but this time it was a little bit small. I love it though	 it leaves VERY very little to the imagination	 and it does say \sexy lingerie\"" in the package they send to your house so thats something to be mindful of. Overall	 a great buy. Like I said	 if youre hesitant about the size	 order a size up. Im a 34DDD and I got an XL but I shouldve gotten one bigger. But it still looks great! It just covers even less than originally intended.""	review_date"
"I absolutely love this set and the brand in general! The color is true to the picture online and the sizes always accurate. For the price	 the quality is great!  Plus all their products come in a well made reusable bag. So if you are about that sustainable life	 the awesome plastic bag it comes can be used for so many different things! Definitely reccomend :)	review_date"
"Fits very well! I鈥檓 an athletic 150 lbs. 5鈥?	 32D	 and 30 inch waist	 36 inch hips. The top fits like a bikini top	 and the bottom fit very well and flattering. The packaging was nice and discreet. I really Love this. It鈥檚 decent quality for lingerie and it fits beautifully.	review_date"
"For reference I'm 4\11 and 95 lbsThis was just awefulThe covering on the breasts wouldn't even coverAnd the bottoms were hugeThe lace was not sexy or attractive at all.It looked like someone cut it off their Grandma's old curtains.I do not recommendThe only part I liked was their color purple""	review_date"
"Not a great product. Looks super cute in the picture but its smaller than expected and the top ties on like a bikini. You have to tie it behind yout neck and again on across your back. Kinda lame. Thought it would be a little more...sturdy. but perhaps i didnt do my due diligence in reading the product description. Still	 not worth ordering in my opinion. Cute idea	 bad execution.	review_date"
"I Really like this 2pc lace pj set	 and so did he! It was very comfortable. and kinda sexxy! The red was very much like the picture and the lace was not scratchy it was well made	 thicker not like paper! The back on the bra is adjustable. you can tighten the straps like a bra and also tie it with a thin ribbon accorss the back. The bottoms are very cute and comfy! and also has a small lace up spot in the back. The only thing I didn't like was that the tag was sewn onto the bra in between breast. It was kind of uncomfortable but nothing that was too bothersome.	review_date"
"Great outfit. Fits perfect	review_date"
"I purchased this in a medium and returned it. This product requires a very specific body type... and I am not that body type. I am 5'5\ and 130 lbs	 with DD boobs and an athletic build.  This is not for curvy girls. I would recommend this for the girl who has small breasts and virtually NO belly fat. I don't have a lot of belly fat	 but this accentuated the amount I do have. The bottoms were actually pretty comfortable and super low cut	 so the V of the front comes down pretty low. My boobs were way to big for the cups. Oh well!""	review_date"
"Avidlove is so sexy! This 2 piece set feels so sexy and my husband agrees it looks even better. The top ties around your neck and back so easy to get a perfect fit. It covers your nips and has a little elastic strings that go around your breasts for a sexy peekaboo effect.  I cant believe how comfortable this lingerie is. I absolutely love it!  I recommend this product!!	review_date"
"Really soft lacy material	 feels great. Definitely size up at least one size	 maybe 2. Im generally a size M (5'6\-140lbs- 34DD	)  I ordered a Large	 and the top was little but it still looked cute. And the bottoms fit like a Medium	 There is no support/underwire	 Just the halter tie strings	 (if youre bigger breasted	 size up)  but its not bad for the price. Its made to be flattering on all body types	 imo.  Sexy	 fun	 inexpensive purchase.""	review_date"
"THIS IS AWESOME! I will be buying this in more colors here soon. For the people who are complaining that it doesn't have any support	 what do you expect out of a product like this? The purple color is exactly as pictured and it is very comfortable. I have fake breasts that don't require any support so this really does look awesome on. I'm 5'9\ and 135lbs with DD breasts and the medium fit perfectly.""	review_date"
"I'm a size 6 and it fits me perfectly. Excellent quality for the price. Best of all: my husband loved it!  I'll buy more in different colors :-)	review_date"
"I was hesitant to buy it because I feel I鈥檓 on the larger squishier side with my body type	 but this fits beautifully. I especially love the underwear. I鈥檓 not chesty and have a big butt and legs and it fit just fine. I鈥檓 a 32B and the bra fit well also. I bought a medium.	review_date"
"So cute! I got a large because I am a 34 D but smaller on the bottom. It all fit perfectly! If your ladies are not perky tho I would not advice purchasing this. There is no underwire or support but for me it worked really well and the husband loved!!!	review_date"
"I am 5'5 125.  34D. I ordered the medium and it fit very well.  I think the small would have been too small.  I think the large could fit as well with less squeezing of my hip fat :)  I'm going to order in other color	review_date"
"As always I am bummed because the top is definitely cut for smaller-chested women.  I ordered a size up and the panties fell off while I spilled out of the top.  Still	 the item is fun and is holding up well.	review_date"
"looked very cute on	 size M ordered.  150lb	 6ft	 34C	 size 6 usually.  barely covers enough	 but I LOVE IT.  plus you can't beat the price!	review_date"
"Boyfriend loved it. Remember to be confident in your body too!!	review_date"
"First off im 36D 175lbs i ordered the xl and im extremely happy with it! A little confusing at first with all the different strings but very cute	 very comfy and seems to be well made considering its lace and stretchy string lol	review_date"
"Don鈥檛 love that it鈥檚 a halter/ties like a swimsuit	 but I knew it was coming like that. I also went up a size to a medium. I鈥檓 generally a small. My boobs in no way (30/32DD/DDD) would fit in the small. It will work perfectly for what it was purchased for.	review_date"
"no issues	review_date"
"Came in early. It looks and fits great. I'm usually a large to XL shirt	 with a 38D so the XL felt a little small but just in the front but still fits. And for panties I'm usually a 12-13 pants so the underwear fit fine. It's not to lose but yet not to tight	 it's stretchy.	review_date"
"My girlfriend looks SMOKING HOT in this! She likes it almost as much as I do. Especially if she could stay in it longer! Guys	 do yourself a favor and get this for your woman. Neither of you will be disappointed!!!	review_date"
"This set is so cute! I was skeptical about the fit because I don't like to order any type of lingerie or underwear online	 but I'm so glad I did. For reference	 I got the red in a size medium	 I'm 5'6	 135 lbs	 and size 34C	 and it fits perfectly. The underwear does plunge down pretty far	 past my hairline	 but I prefer it that way. The material is very soft"
"Fit was a little small and the string ties were uncomfortably thin	 but I didn't get any complaints	 haha.  The red was a great Valentine's option and the lace is very pretty and delicate.	review_date"
"I ordered a medium and they sent a small...but glad they did bc it fits perfectly!! Im 5'2 120 lbs (:  its so sexy I cant wait to wear it for v day	review_date"
"I absolutely loved this! I was between a M and a L and decided to play safe and go up to a L. It fit great! Looks amazing and is well constructed.	review_date"
"It's very sexy and just what I wanted. Fits perfect and I will order more.	review_date"
"This was a really sexy lingerie	 would not wear for regular clothes but fit really well	 really comfortable and my husband loved it.	review_date"
"can I say I look so sexy	review_date"
"Fit very nicely	 looks very sexy	 and didn't wear it more than a couple minutes before my husband wanted to take it off XD	review_date"
"The top fit perfectly	 but the bottoms gave a very unflattering look"
"The model thought this was grand!	review_date"
"I love this set	 it's beautiful	 comfortable and super sexy. Very see through so know what you're in for	 but it fits me great. Then again I am very tiny.	review_date"
"excelent	review_date"
"Love it! I鈥檓 teeny tiny so of course I don鈥檛 look like these models when I wear it but it鈥檚 adorable!	review_date"
"Love it i would buy again true to size!!!!!! 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	"
"Just like the picture. It fits my well. I thought the bottoms were going to be too small. My measurements are 36-29-39 but they fit snug and I'm comfortable in them.	review_date"
"It looks great on my wife and it fit exactly as I thought it would when I ordered it. Perfect!!	review_date"
"The fit is great	 it stayed in place and the underwear are very cute with the straps and low cut	review_date"
"Top runs small. Seems to be made fairly decent. Pretty comfortable and very sexy.	review_date"
"Love this	 it fits well and looks amazing.	review_date"
"Lol. Broke up with my boyfriend a day before I got this. But yo it鈥檚 cute. Here鈥檚 to it not being for for another 2 years.	review_date"
"Perfect for a sexy night. Fits wel and is actually really comfy. I feel super sexy in it	review_date"
"Sexy! They run small so order up. I have a 40鈥?hip	 32DD chest and I鈥檓 so glad I went with the XL.	review_date"
"Exactly as pictured! Surpassed my expectations.	review_date"
"Runs a few sizes smaller than stated. Also not for anyone with cushion for the pushin'	 unless you like that look. Much more flattering on someone petite.	review_date"
"Small- top fit since it was like a swim suit but the bottoms cut it into my skin	review_date"
"Pretty and loose.  Would like a bit more fabric tucked n to create a waste/rib indention..but overall it was nice.	review_date"
"Very sexy I love it. Got in small and fits just exact. The bra only covers the front area no extra material. Fits very well which serves the purpose of it being sexy!!!!!!!!!!!! Very fast delivery thanks!	review_date"
"I love this! It fits well and the top is somewhat adjustable which is nice. Great deal!!	review_date"
"I was nervous to purchase because I don't know what my measurements are. Plus every time I purchase any kind of bottoms with straps	 they always squeeze my hips too tight and make it look not so great. BUT this purchase was perfect! Fit just right. I ordered it for a photoshoot and it worked like a charm! Top does run smaller than the bottoms.	review_date"
"Cute to wear a couple times	review_date"
"The top is definitely a small	 many nip slips. But altogether it鈥檚 so hot on.	review_date"
The one size fits all or most plays a key role here
"Looks great on my fiance	review_date"
"This is the best lingerie i have ordered online! Fit was attractive and comfortable	review_date"
"The fit on the bra is so hot! I love it.	review_date"
"Such low quality a strap broke off as I was trying it on	 it would have been really pretty it's a shame	review_date"
"The bottom is great	 the top is too... nothing	 doesn't hold anything and it is very cheap	review_date"
"Good for price. I ordered a s/m and you can recieve a small or a medium and there's a difference in size... don't know what you're getting till you get it.	review_date"
"Great	review_date"
"Top was small	 because the titties was too dope 馃槑	review_date"
"Made cheap	review_date"
"Super cute. Exactly how it looks in the photo. Seems to be pretty great quality.I'm wearing this for my honey moon and I'm over all happy with the product.The only thing I could complain about is that the top is just slightly too small. I ordered a size up like most people said to. I'm usually a medium. The top is still a bit snug and the panties are slight big. If I ordered an XXL I feel the stop would be a prefect fit but the panties would be falling off lol. I wish we were able to pick the top and bottom sizes separately. A large works good enough though so I'm happy with it!  馃槉	review_date"
"So sexy and fit perfectly. My man went wild when he saw it! 馃槉	review_date"
"Runs a little small feels a little flimsy	review_date"
"Loved this. All I needed t do was cut the tag off and it was perfect. Hubby loved it too!	review_date"
"I loved this and the violet looked exactly like it does in the picture. Will probably buy more in different colors	review_date"
"My girlfriend just loved it and most of she looked amazing in it and it is her favorite color.	review_date"
"Really Cute	review_date"
"Looks the same as pic.  Looks great.	review_date"
"fits great she lovessssssssss it	review_date"
"This set looks so gorgeous on! get a garter belt to go with it preferably black lace with thigh high leggings- and its AMAZING!	review_date"
"Absolutely love this set- however while the bottom looks good the top still is more flattering. But then again I need to work on my booty squats soo. But will be buying in red also!	review_date"
"The bows look odd but it s cute	review_date"
"Very cute!I have \fun sized\"" breasts and this top fits very well and makes them look nice!""	review_date"
"bought for my wife	 looks she looks hot in it.	review_date"
"It's very sexy but to wear something like this' you need to have big boobies for this one馃槀馃槀馃槀	review_date"
"Fits as expected and is comfortable. Made of quality material.	review_date"
"Looks very nice fits as expected	review_date"
"The cut is flattering even on my slight	 non-curvy frame. The fabric is decent	 but not the highest quality	 however it is soft enough to be comfortable. Definitely recommend and would buy again.	review_date"
"It fits very well	 and it鈥檚 extremely comfortable!	review_date"
"Great product!! Bought this for my wife and she loved it.She's about 5'3 and 125 pounds and bust of 34DD and she got medium and it fit perfectly.	review_date"
"Had to order different color too	review_date"
"Item fit as expected and looked like the picture of the product. Love this item. Color was actually better than I thought it would be.	review_date"
"EXTREMELLY small for an L size	review_date"
"Super cute!! But way to small for me. Would have to order 1-2size bigger	review_date"
"For what it is	 cheap amazon lingerie	 this fits really nice!	review_date"
"Fit great. 5'2\ 110lbs.""	review_date"
"Cute	review_date"
"My wife loves it perfect fit !	review_date"
"I ordered large based off of my 36d/dd typical bra size and the fact that I have a curvy booty and wanted the panties to fit. This top is TINY. I laughed at first but I guess it's sexy.	review_date"
"The bra was too small. Also	 it had too many bows for my taste and looked tacky to me	. Returned this product.	review_date"
"Beautiful set	review_date"
"Loved it	review_date"
"Fits perfect	 super cute	 and glows in blacklight =)	review_date"
"Comfortable and cool	review_date"
"This item looks great on a size A bust	 and is very arousing.  Well made and comfortable.  I got the small black	 and it is exactly what I expected.	review_date"
"DO NOT BUY...broke as soon as i tried to tie the bra (it鈥檚  a tie back no clasp) and the material is super cheap. bra too small	 bottoms too big. worst online decision i鈥檝e made.	review_date"
"Over all super happy with my purchase! For the price it is quality material and fits great !	review_date"
"It's definitely sexy lol. I would order a size up though..im a medium and should have gotten a large for a .new comfortable fit. The top doesn't hold in my b38 ladies. The bottoms fit pretty well though!	review_date"
"Love the color.  The strings roll and get crisscrossed.  The bra is made for someone with fake boobs	review_date"
"Te recomiendo que ordenes un size m谩s grande porque el brazier es muy peque帽o	review_date"
"It's as I expected. Good quality	"
"Wife liked it. Looks good	review_date"
"Wife loves them	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	 the item was exactly as described and pictured. It arrived quickly.	review_date"
"This is really sexy and pretty on. My only complaint is the straps. I don't love that you have to tie it like a halter around your neck.	review_date"
"Everything fits! I love the underwear	 it makes my butt look great! I'm sure my partner will get a surprise out of this!	review_date"
"Looks just like the picture	 if not better 馃槉	review_date"
"I鈥檓 5鈥?- 140 pounds and I bought the medium and it fit perfectly. I can either wear a 36 B or C depending on the bra.  I love it. Super sexy	review_date"
"Shipped quickly. Fit as expected!	review_date"
"I锔?love the lace but my boobs were popping out the sides to small up top and the bottoms were way too tight maybe order a size up!	review_date"
"I got this in a small and I鈥檓 5鈥? and weigh about 125 and its fits so well and looks really cute. Definitely recommend!!	review_date"
"Loved it! Very comfortable and sexy.	review_date"
"Absolutely love it! I usually wear a small bottom and I'm a 32DD/34D and the medium fit very well. Obviously the top was a little small but it's definitely supposed to be. My guy went wild.	review_date"
"Really happy with this! Want to buy more colors. I鈥檓 5鈥?	 110lbs	 32DD- size small fit just right!	review_date"
"top did not fit at all	review_date"
"it fit my girlfriend like a glove	review_date"
"Fits well	review_date"
"I got a medium size I usually get size small but in the past I have bought a small size and didn't fit.. very cute.	review_date"
"Great set. Just wish my chest was bigger!	review_date"
"Beautiful	review_date"
"GreatI love it	review_date"
"Amazing~~ it fits perfectly and looks very sexy~ I love it! 10/10	review_date"
"Otherwise a very decent material and fit. Looks nice and worth the money.	review_date"
"Beautful little outfit... I didn't realize it had the open cup feature and when I discovered it	 happy day!	review_date"
"Super sexy	 comfortable fit	 great price	review_date"
"As described	review_date"
"Looks great	review_date"
"My girlfriend loved it	 and so do I.  Money well spent	review_date"
"Sexy	 hawt! Size appropriate. I'm 133 5	4 and a size small fit great"
"Definitely fit as expected. Love that the top can be adjusted for size.	review_date"
"Good quality product and quick turnaround shipping!	review_date"
"It鈥檚 good quality	review_date"
"cuuute!	review_date"
"LOVE IT!  So pretty!	review_date"
"Super cute and super comfortable. Highly recommend!	review_date"
"Beautiful	 fit was right and super sexy.  My wife loved it!	review_date"
"Perfect purchase!	review_date"
"Recipient was totally happy with it.	review_date"
"Was very nice	review_date"
"love it	review_date"
"Fit me perfectly	review_date"
"Fit perfectly	review_date"
"It was perfect love it recommend to everyone	review_date"
"I ordered four different styles and colors of Avid Love lingerie as a Christmas surprise for my boyfriend	 and I'm severely disappointed. Upon opening each item	 every single one had a strong odor similar to plastic or chemicals	 which could be dangerous to wear around my genitals. I decided to hand wash each piece in cold water to be safe and lay them to dry over my bath tub	 taking extra care to follow the washing instructions. The panties of two of those items left dye stains on my white tub that I cannot get out	 which will affect my ability to retrieve my $200 security deposit at the end of my lease. Now $40 worth of cheap lingerie has cost me hundreds of dollars. Not worth it at all and I'm pissed. I'll be leaving this same review on all four items so people know.	review_date"
"Loveed the product!	review_date"
"I'm not gonna lie	 it's cute. but it's really badly made. a lot of faulty stitching to the point that I had to sew a few things on tighter like the bow in the front that kept falling off. also	 one of the bands popped off because of how loose the stitching was on the bottom. It worked for a last minute anniversary outfit	 though I most likely wont be wearing it often after the fact. maybe look elsewhere for a well made set?	review_date"
"Fits as expected	review_date"
"This looked exactly like the picture	 but the quality and construction was along the lines of something you'd find in one of those 99-cents only stores.Can't expect much for the price but I would not repurchase. It would not survive a machine wash	 you need to hand wash. I would give one star	 but the seller shipped promptly and there was no misrepresentation in the picture. Quality and construction were the two biggest issues.	review_date"
"Fast shippingPerfect fit	review_date"
"Great except for the cheap plastic parts of the straps	 they break very easily.	review_date"
"Fits perfect! I'm 5'4	 120lbs	 32B bra and hip width is 36in.	review_date"
"honestly its not comparable to paying a little extra for better quality and fit.	review_date"
"Don't do it. I don't know how they got it too look like that on the model.	review_date"
"I am obsessed with this lingerie set!!!This set comes in two pieces- a pair of \peekaboo panties\"" and strapped lace halter top. Both have a very nice floral pattern and bows to add cuteness!My husband is in love with this lingerie and thinks it is very different than other lingerie sets that he has gotten me in the past. The top covers up just enough to be mysterious and the bottoms makes your bottom look incredible!I am very pleased with this brand and this select lingerie set!""	review_date"
"Very cute. However it came a bit smaller than i expected.i would reccomend one size up.	review_date"
"nice	review_date"
"definitely not what you expect it to be. not good quality	 but then again you get what you pay for	review_date"
"liked it.	review_date"
"i like it	review_date"
"The bottoms fit perfectly may even be a little big but the top wont fit my chest. Always exposing one or the other nipple.	review_date"
"The panties fit well and are super sexy. The bra isn't made for a large bust size...C cup at most.	review_date"
"Runs small and the panties cut really really low but it's cute I will for sure wear it	review_date"
"Bottom was defected! Very hard to show in the photo.	review_date"
"Poor quality	review_date"
"Wife's Review:I ordered 12 pieces of lingerie from Amazon all at once. I read the reviews	 descriptions	 and so on. Some sexy	 some way too sexy	 and then there is this one. I love	 love	 love it. I ordered several from Adlove and they are very delicate to handle. I was impressed at the quality of this one	 so far this is one that I don't have to worry too much about snagging. The color is just as shown and it fits just as shown. Definitely one of my favorites.	review_date"
"Once you get past the sizing this outfit is very cute!! As a reference	 I am 5鈥?	 36DD bust	 42鈥?hips	 31 1/2-32 waist. I typically wear a large in Victoria鈥檚 Secret lingerie and I had to order an xxl to get this to fit. The top looks super tiny but actually fits well. It doesn鈥檛 really have support but fits well	 and depending how you tie it it鈥檒l hold things up. I plan to use this as dancewear. Very easy to get on and off as the top ties around the back and neck like a bikini would. Lace is very stretchy and soft	 and so far seems well put together.	review_date"
"Super sexy. Fits as expected. I would order 1 size up just to have a bit of room.	review_date"
"Just buy them	 super sexy.  I bought the blue and the magenta.  Love them :).	review_date"
"鉂わ笍	review_date"
"Bottom are ok however the top doesn't fit at all.	review_date"
